
                               1 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Yesterday's NHL trades at a glance

SECTION: Sports; E2

LENGTH: 690 words


The list of trades made yesterday prior to the NHL's 3 p.m. trade deadline:

- Anaheim Mighty Ducks acquire centre Peter Zezel from the Vancouver Canucks for
future considerations.

- Buffalo Sabres acquire centre Joe Juneau and a third-round draft pick from the
Washington Capitals for minor-league defenceman Alexei Tezikov; acquire
defenceman Rhett Warriner and a '99 fifth-round draft pick from the Florida
Panthers for defenceman Mike Wilson; acquire a second-round '99 draft pick from
the Dallas Stars for centre Derek Plante.

- Colorado Avalanche acquires centre Dale Hunter and a 2000 third-round draft
pick from the Washington Capitals for a '99 or 2000 second-round draft pick.
Acquire defenceman Sami Helenius for future considerations.

- Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Anders Eriksson and '99 and 2001
first-round draft picks from the Detroit Red Wings for defenceman Chris Chelios.
Obtain right-winger Chris Murray from the Ottawa Senators for right-winger
Nelson Emerson.

- Dallas Stars acquire centre Derek Plante from the Buffalo Sabres for a
second-round '99 draft pick.

- Detroit Red Wings acquire left-winger Wendel Clark and sixth-round pick in
1999 draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goalie Kevin Hodson and a '99
second-round pick; acquire goaltender Bill Ranford from Tampa Bay for a
conditional draft pick; acquire defenceman Chris Chelios from the Chicago
Blackhawks for defenceman Anders Eriksson and '99 and 2001 first-round draft
picks; acquire defenceman Ulf Samuelsson from the New York Rangers for '99
second and third-round draft picks.

- Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Jason Smith from the Toronto Maple Leafs
for '99 second- and fourth-round draft picks; acquire left-winger Vladimir
Vorobiev from the New York Rangers for right-winger Kevin Brown.

- Montreal Canadiens acquire a '99 fifth- round draft pick and a 2000
second-round selection from the San Jose Sharks for centre Vincent Damphousse;
acqure centre J-F Jomphe from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations.

- New York Rangers acquire defenceman Chris O'Sullivan from the Calgary Flames
for minor-league defenceman Lee Sorochan; acquire '99 second- and third-round
draft picks from the Detroit Red Wings for defenceman Ulf Samuelsson; acquire
defenceman Jason Doig and a '99 sixth-round draft pick from the Phoenix Coyotes
for defenceman Stan Neckar.

- Ottawa Senators: Acquire right-winger Nelson Emerson from Chicago Blackhawks
for right-winger Chris Murray.

- Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Steve Duchesne from the Los Angeles
Kings for defenceman Dave Babych and a 2000 fifth-rouond pick; acquire forward
Craig Berube from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.

- Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Stan Neckar from the New York Rangers for
defenceman Jason Doig and a '99 sixth-round draft pick.

- San Jose Sharks acquire right- winger Greg Pankewiecz from the Calgary Flames
for future considerations; acquire centre Vincent Damphousse from the Montreal
Canadiens for '99 fifth- round draft pick and a 2000 second-round selection.

- St. Louis Blues acquire left-winger Blair Atcheynum from the Nashville
Predators for a sixth- round pick in the 2000 NHL entry draft.

- Tampa Bay Lightning acquire goalie Kevin Hodson and a '99 second-round pick
from the Detroit Red Wings for left-winger Wendel Clark and a '99 sixth-round
pick; acquire a conditional draft pick from Detroit for goaltender Bill Ranford.
Trade defenceman Sami Helenius to Colorado Avalanche for future considerations.

- Toronto Maple Leafs acquire centre Yanic Perreault from the Los Angeles Kings
for minor-league forward Jason Podollan and a '99 third-round draft pick;
acquire '99 second- and fourth-round draft picks from the Edmonton Oilers for
defenceman Jason Smith.

- Washington Capitals acquire defenceman Alexei Tezikov and future
considerations from the Buffalo Sabres for centre Joe Juneau and a third-round
draft pick; acquire a '99 second- round draft pick from the Colorado Avalanche
for centre Dale Hunter and a 2000 third-round draft pick.


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Perreault: Rejoins Leafs.; Photo: Joe Juneau: Off to Buffalo.;
Photo: Peter Zezel: A Mighty Duck.; Photo: Dale Hunter: Off to Denver.

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 24, 1985 Tuesday

49 foreign proposals approved

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1246 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - Industry Minister Sinclair Stevens says 49 foreign investment
 proposals have been approved following review under the Investment Canada
 Act.

The proposals approved were by:
    Akai Electric Co. Ltd. of Japan to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Akai Audio Video Canada Inc. of Richmond, B.C.

CDU Holding Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Uniroyal Ltd. of Kitchener, Ont.

Consolidated Pipelines Co. of Calgary, which is controlled by
 Internorth International Inc. of Houston, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by American Eagle Petroleums Ltd. of Calgary,
 consisting of its interest in a gas-gathering and processing plant located
 in Dodsland, Sask.

L-Tec Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of L-
 Tec Co. of New York, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Union Carbide Canada Ltd., consisting of its welding products business at
 Brampton, Ont.
    630137 Ontario Ltd. of New York, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Wesray Sporting Goods Inc. of New York, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Pepsi-Cola Canada Ltd., consisting of its Wilson Sports
 Equipment Canada division of Belleville, Ont.

Total Compagnie Francaise des Petroles of France to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Erickson Gold Mines Ltd. of Vancouver.

Westroc Industries Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of BPB Industries PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Genstar Corp., consisting of its Annacis Island
 gypsum plant of New Westminster, B.C.

ASEA Inc. of Sweden to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Cantherm Heating Ltd. of St-Laurent, Que.

Beatrice International (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Superior Window Coverings of Vancouver.

BVT Grand Forks Shopping Centre Ltd. Partnership of Nashville to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Overwaitea Shopping Centre
 of Grand Forks, B.C.

Canadian Freightways Ltd. of Calgary to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Capital Freightways of Victoria.

Cole and Weber Inc. of Seattle to acquire control of the business
 carried on by West-Can Communications Ltd. of Vancouver.

CRI Ventures Inc. of Baltimore to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Catalyst Recovery Canada Ltd. of Medicine Hat, Alta.

CRI Ventures Inc. of Baltimore, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Total Inert Maintenance and Equipment of Canada Ltd.,
 Medicine Hat.

Drill Rite Industries (1985) Ltd. of Calgary to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Wescan Resources Equipment Ltd., consisting of its
 Bear Tools division at Calgary.

EBS Development Corp. of Garden City, N.Y., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Brownline Inc. of Toronto.

Emco Ltd. of London, Ont., to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Starkman's Plumbing and Heating Ltd. of Toronto.

Halliburton Co. of Dallas to acquire control of the business carried on
 by GEO Vann Oilfield Services of Canada Ltd., Calgary.

Anthony Po Yuen Koo of Hong Kong to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by J. R. Manufacturing Ltd. and Alyssen Enterprises Inc. of
 Vancouver.

Laura Ashley BV of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Laura Ashley Shops Ltd. of Montreal.

Lovell and Christmas (Canada) Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Excellent Food Products Co. Ltd. of Toronto.

Jose Dias Araujo Pinto of Portugal to acquire control of the business
 carried on by RN Tour International (Canada) Inc. of Toronto.

Restauration Alimentation et Loisirs Soral Inc. of Libya to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Patisserie Le Croquembouche Inc.

Ziad Sahed and Nadia Hussaini of Canada to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Mr. and Mrs. Ben-Moha, consisting of their rental
 property at 1215-1227 Amherst St., Montreal.

Shamrock Acquisition Inc. of Burbank, Calif., to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Central Soya of Canada Ltd., Woodstock, Ont., and
 Victory Soya Mills of Toronto, a division of Central Soya.

Superfos AS of Denmark, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Superfos Canada Ltd. of Calgary.

TNT Quebec Inc. of Australia to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Atlas Trucking Co. Ltd. of LaSalle, Que.

Ultramar Canada Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by William J. Brown Fuels Supply Ltd. of Port Hope, Ont.

K. Dingban Wang of Plano, Tex., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Axiom Explorations Inc. of Vancouver.

Wickes Cos. Inc. of Santa Monica, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Guaranteed Parts Ltd. of Toronto.

Wickes Cos. Inc. to acquire control of the business carried on by Gulf
 and Western (Canada) Ltd., consisting of its Bohn Heat Transfer division
 of Mississauga.

BFR Geophysical Consultants Ltd. of Tulsa to establish a new business
 at Calgary to provide services related to the acquisition of seismic data
 for the oil and gas industry.

Biotechnica International Inc. of Cambridge, Mass., to establish a
 business at Calgary to be engaged in biotechnology and genetic
 engineering.

Cenek Beheer BV of the Netherlands to establish a business at Edmonton
 to develop computer programs.

Cenek Beheer BV to establish a business at Edmonton to manufacture
 disposable clothing.

Consolidated Gathering Systems Ltd. of Calgary to establish two
 divisions - Consolidated UFG Falco and Consolidated UPG Natural Gas
 Liquids - at Calgary to expand its range of hydrocarbons marketing.

Bernadette Dennis of the United States to establish a business at
 Mississauga to provide property security services.

Duwag Inc. of West Germany to establish a business at Calgary to
 provide servicing and support to light-rail transit systems in Edmonton
 and Calgary.

EBV Engineering Inc. of Norway to establish a business at Calgary to
 sell systems engineering expertise with respect to telecommunications,
 safety control and supervisory control systems.

Fingerhut-Granados Opinion Research of the United States to establish a
 business at Toronto to perform survey and market research, client support,
 data processing and written and oral analysis of the findings of research
 projects.

Fogal-Canada Ltd. of Switzerland to establish a business at Montreal to
 engage in the retail sale of hosiery.

General Aerospace Materials Corp. of Plainview, N.Y., to establish a
 business at LaSalle to sell metal and metal products.

Gibson Greeting Cards Inc. of Cincinnati to establish a business at
 Toronto to distribute and sell greeting cards, gift wrap and related
 products.

Hayward Industries Inc. of Elizabeth, N.J., to establish a business at
 Peterborough, Ont., to assemble, sell and distribute swimming pool
 accessory equipment.

MaComb Steel Inc. of Detroit to establish a business at Windsor, Ont.,
 to purchase and sell primary and secondary steel.

Phillips Petroleum International Corp. of Panama City to establish a
 business at Calgary to purchase, import, warehouse, sell and distribute
 specialty chemicals and textiles.

Jochen Reiss of Canada to establish a business at Vancouver to operate
 a restaurant and beer garden at Expo 86.

Trans Pacific Stores Ltd. of Golden, Col., to establish a business at
 Toronto to operate general merchandise stores.

Webb International Minerals Inc. of Houston to establish a business at
 Calgary for the exploration for and development of petroleum and natural
 gas.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 995 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           February 26, 2011 Saturday
                                National Edition

The month to deal

BYLINE: National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S4

LENGTH: 391  words


Feb. 9

- Anaheim acquires D François Beauchemin from Toronto for RW Joffrey Lupul, D
Jake Gardiner and fourth-round pick in 2013.

- NY Islanders acquire G Al Montoya from Phoenix for a sixth-round pick in 2011.

- Chicago acquires RW Michael Frolik and G Alexander Salak from Florida for RW
Jack Skille, RW Hugh Jessiman and C David Pacan.

- San Jose acquires C Michael Swift and RW Patrick Davis from New Jersey for D
Jay Leach and C Steven Zalewski

Feb. 10

- Nashville acquires C Mike Fisher from Ottawa for a firstround pick in 2011 and
a conditional 2012 pick.

Feb. 14

- Philadelphia acquires RW Kris Versteeg from Toronto for first-and third-round
picks in 2011.

- Toronto acquires LW Aaron Voros from Anaheim for a conditional 2011 draft
pick.

- Boston acquires C Chris Kelly from Ottawa for a secondround pick in 2011.

Feb. 17

- Montreal acquires D Paul Mara from Anaheim for a fifthround pick in 2012.

- Anaheim acquires LW Jarkko Ruutu from Ottawa for a sixthround pick in 2011.

Feb. 18

- Ottawa acquires G Craig Anderson from Colorado for G Brian Elliott.

- Boston acquires C Rich Peverley and D Boris Valabik from Atlanta for RW Blake
Wheeler and D Mark Stuart.

- Boston acquires D Tomas Kaberle from Toronto for a first-round pick in 2011, a
conditional second-round pick in 2012 and C Joe Colborne.

? Carolina acquires D Derek Joslin from San Jose for future considerations.

- San Jose acquires D Ian White from Carolina for a secondround pick in 2012.

- Tampa Bay acquires D Eric Brewer from St. Louis for a third-round pick in 2011
and the rights to Brock Beukeboom.

Feb. 19

- St. Louis acquires D Kevin Shattenkirk, RW Chris Stewart and a second-round
pick in 2011 or 2012 from Colorado for D Erik Johnson, C Jay McClement and a
first-round pick in 2011 or 2012.

Feb. 21

- Dallas acquires D Alex Goligoski from Pittsburgh for LW James Neal and D Matt
Niskanen.

Feb. 24

- Anaheim acquires G Dan Ellis from Tampa Bay for G Curtis McElhinney.

- Pittsburgh acquires RW Alex Kovalev from Ottawa for a conditional draft pick
in 2011.

- Atlanta acquires C Ben Maxwell and a fourth-round pick in 2011 from Montreal
for D Brent Sopel and LW Nigel Dawes.

- Florida acquires C Ryan Carter and a fifth-round pick in 2011 from Carolina
for LW Cory Stillman.

Feb. 25

- Florida acquires D Alexander Sulzer from Nashville for a conditional
seventh-round pick in 2012.

Source: NHL.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     March 10, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

Deadline Deals

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: Sports; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 489 words

Deals completed by Tuesday at 12 noon PST.

Boston acquires F Brad Boyes and D Andy Delmore from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson
and future considerations.

Buffalo acquires Jeff Jillson and ninth-round draft pick in 2005 from San Jose
for C Curtis Brown and D Andy Delmore; acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for
F Jakub Klepis.

Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton for
D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round 2005
draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard; acquires F
Chris Bala from Minnesota for F Jordan Krestanovich.

Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

Dallas signed free agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

Los Angeles acquires F Jeff Cowan from Atlanta for F Kip Brennan.

Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from Chicago for a
fourth-round draft pick.

New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquires D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and F
Alexandre Giroux.

St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for future considerations.

Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Necker from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick.

Toronto acquires C Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free-agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft pick;
acquires F Martin Rucinsky from New York Rangers for D Martin Grenier and F R.J.
Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a seventh-round draft
pick in 2004; acquires F Sylvain Blouin from Montreal for D Rene Vydareny;
acquires F Sergei Varlamov from St. Louis for F Randy Ready.

Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta

Atlanta acquires D Kyle Rossiter from Florida for C Kamil Piros.

Buffalo gets D Brad Brown and a 2005 sixth-round draft pick from Minnesota for a
2005 fourth-round draft pick.

Calgary acquires F Marcus Nilson from Florida for second-round 2004 draft pick.

Colorado gets F Matthew Barnaby and third-round 2004 draft pick from N.Y.
Rangers for D Chris McAllister, D David Liffiton and second-round 2004 pick.

Dallas acquires F Valeri Bure from Florida for D Drew Bagnall and conditional
draft pick, gets D Chris Therien from Philadelphia for a 2004 eighth-round and a
2005 third-round draft pick.

Philadelphia gets D Vladimir Malakhov from N.Y. Rangers for RW Rick Kozak and a
2005 second-round draft pick.

Los Angeles acquires RW Anson Carter from Washington for F Jared Aulin.

Pittsburgh acquires D Alain Nasreddine from N.Y. Islanders for F Steve Webb.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: (Jeff) Jillson; Color Photo: (Derek) Morris; Color Photo:
(Greg) de Vries; Color Photo: (Ron) Francis; Color Photo: (Brad) Brown; Color
Photo: (Valeri) Bure; Color Photo: (Anson) Carter

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                             March 24, 1999, FINAL

Wings make their moves for three-peat

BYLINE: Pierre LeBrun

SECTION: Sports; B3

LENGTH: 1078 words


They're banging out Three-peat posters in Hockey Town, USA.

The two- time Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings got better in a hurry
Tuesday, acquiring a wealth of talent and experience before the NHL's trading
deadline.

The Wings, floating along at 34-30-6 this season, obtained Chicago Blackhawks
captain Chris Chelios, New York Rangers defenceman Ulf Samuelsson and
left-winger Wendel Clark and goalie Bill Ranford from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

''We feel a lot better about our hockey team,'' said Detroit general manager Ken
Holland.

If Colorado's acquisition of Theoren Fleury from Calgary sent shivers throughout
the Western Conference last month, Detroit's bold moves Tuesday had the Stars,
Avalanche and Coyotes reaching for the Pepto-Bismol bottle.

''When you get a chance to acquire a player like Chris Chelios, you get pretty
excited,'' a smiling Holland said at a news conference in Detroit.

''He's one of the premier defencemen in the National Hockey League.

''We just felt it was a move we had to make.''

In all, an all-time record 21 trades involving 30 players were made Tuesday,
surpassing last year's total of 19.

The Wings, with long-term injuries to defencemen Uwe Krupp and Todd Gill,
desperately needed help on the blue-line.

In Chelios, they get a fearless leader who can effectively work the power- play
and kill penalties. The Wings reportedly have agreed to extend Chelios's
contract another two years.

''Chelios requested a trade a couple of days ago,'' said Chicago GM Bob Murray.

''We had no intention of trading him until a couple of days ago when he
requested a trade.

''We respect Chris Chelios and appreciate what he's done for the Chicago
Blackhawks.''

Samuelsson, an unrestricted free agent July 1, is out another two or three weeks
with a broken foot but should return in time for the playoffs.

Clark, who was reportedly heading to Dallas, led the lowly Lightning with 28
goals in 65 games and will be a welcome addition to a Detroit team craving for
more offence. Brendan Shanahan led the Wings with 27 goals before Calrk's
arrival.

''He's big and he's strong and he can still score goals,'' Holland said of
Clark, who scored a hat trick against Detroit last Friday in Tampa.

The additions, which make Detroit a heavy favourite to win the Cup again, came
with a price. Some hockey pundits might say the Wings mortgaged their future.

Detroit surrendered young defenceman Anders Ericksson and two first-round draft
picks ('99 and 2001) for Chelios and gave the Rangers a second-round pick this
year and a third-round pick in 2000 for Samuelsson. The Red Wings sent goalie
Kevin Hodson and a '99 second-round pick, originally San Jose's, for Clark.

A Complete List of the Deadline Deals

Anaheim Mighty Ducks acquire centre Peter Zezel from Vancouver for future
considerations.

Buffalo Sabres acquire centre Joe Juneau and a third-round draft pick from
Washington for defenceman Alexei Tezikov; acquire defenceman Rhett Warrener and
a '99 fifth-round draft pick from Florida for defenceman Mike Wilson; acquire a
second-round '99 draft pick from Dallas for centre Derek Plante.

Colorado Avalanche acquire centre Dale Hunter and a 2000 third-round draft pick
from Washington for a '99 or 2000 second-round draft pick. Acquire defenceman
Sami Helenius from Tampa Bay for future considerations.

Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Anders Eriksson and '99 and 2001
first-round draft picks from Detroit for defenceman Chris Chelios; acquire
right-winger Chris Murray from Ottawa for right-winger Nelson Emerson.

Dallas Stars acquire centre Derek Plante from Buffalo for a second-round '99
draft pick.

Detroit Red Wings acquire left-winger Wendel Clark and sixth-round pick in 1999
draft from Tampa Bay for goalie Kevin Hodson and a '99 second-round pick;
acquire goaltender Bill Ranford from Tampa Bay for a conditional draft pick;
acquire defenceman Chris Chelios from Chicago for defenceman Anders Eriksson and
'99 and 2001 first-round draft picks; acquire defenceman Ulf Samuelsson from the
New York Rangers for '99 second-round pick and 2000 third-round pick.

Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Jason Smith from Toronto for a '99
fourth-round pick and a 2000 second-round selection; acquire left-winger
Vladimir Vorobiev from the New York Rangers for right-winger Kevin Brown.

Montreal Canadiens acquire a '99 fifth-round draft pick and a conditional 2000
(first or second-round) pick from San Jose for centre Vincent Damphousse;
acquire centre J-F Jomphe from Phoenix for future considerations.

New York Rangers acquire defenceman Chris O'Sullivan from Calgary for defenceman
Lee Sorochan; acquire '99 second-round pick and 2000 third-round draft pick from
Detroit for defenceman Ulf Samuelsson; acquire defenceman Jason Doig and a '99
sixth-round draft pick from Phoenix for defenceman Stan Neckar.

Ottawa Senators: acquire right-winger Nelson Emerson from Chicago for
right-winger Chris Murray.

Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Steve Duchesne from Los Angeles for
defenceman Dave Babych and a 2000 fifth-round pick; acquire forward Craig Berube
from Washington Capitals for future considerations.

Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Stan Neckar from the New York Rangers for
defenceman Jason Doig and a '99 sixth-round draft pick.

San Jose Sharks acquire right-winger Greg Pankewiecz from Calgary for future
considerations; acquire centre Vincent Damphousse from Montreal for '99
fifth-round draft pick and a 2000 second-round selection.

St. Louis Blues acquire left-winger Blair Atcheynum from Nashville for a
sixth-round selection in the 2000 NHL entry draft.

Tampa Bay Lightning acquire goalie Kevin Hodson and a '99 second-round pick from
Detroit for left-winger Wendel Clark and a '99 sixth- round pick; acquire a
conditional draft pick from Detroit for goaltender Bill Ranford. Trade
defenceman Sami Helenius to Colorado for future considerations.

Toronto Maple Leafs acquire centre Yanic Perreault from Los Angeles for forward
Jason Podollan and a '99 third-round draft pick; acquire '99 second- and
fourth-round draft picks from Edmonton for defenceman Jason Smith.

Washington Capitals acquire defenceman Alexei Tezikov and future considerations
from Buffalo for centre Joe Juneau and a '99 third-round draft pick; acquire a
'99 second-round draft pick from Colorado for centre Dale Hunter and a 2000
third-round draft pick.


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Black & White Photo: (Wendel) Clark; Black & White Photo: (Chris)
Chelios; Black & White Photo: (Ulf) Samuelsson

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                            March 10, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

NHL trades on deadline day

BYLINE: Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 477  words


A list of NHL trades made Tuesday before the 3 p.m. EST deadline:

Boston acquires F Brad Boyes and D Andy Delmore from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson
and future considerations.

Buffalo acquires Jeff Jillson and ninth-round draft pick in 2005 from San Jose
for C Curtis Brown and D Andy Delmore; acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for
F Jakub Klepis.

Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton for
D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round 2005
draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard; acquires F
Chris Bala from Minnesota for F Jordan Krestanovich.

Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

Dallas signed free agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

Los Angeles acquires F Jeff Cowan from Atlanta for F Kip Brennan.

Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from Chicago for a
fourth-round draft pick.

New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquires D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and F
Alexandre Giroux.

St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for future considerations.

Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Necker from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick.

Toronto acquires C Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free-agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft pick;
acquires F Martin Rucinsky from New York Rangers for D Martin Grenier and F R.J.
Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a seventh-round draft
pick in 2004; acquires F Sylvain Blouin from Montreal for D Rene Vydareny.

Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta

------

Monday's Trades

Atlanta acquires D Kyle Rossiter from Florida for C Kamil Piros.

Buffalo gets D Brad Brown and a 2005 sixth-round draft pick from Minnesota for a
2005 fourth-round draft pick.

Calgary acquires F Marcus Nilson from Florida for second-round 2004 draft pick.

Colorado gets F Matthews Barnaby and third-round 2004 draft pick from N.Y.
Rangers for D Chris McAllister, D David Liffiton and second-round 2004 pick.

Dallas acquires F Valeri Bure from Florida for D Drew Bagnall and conditional
draft pick, gets D Chris Therien from Philadelphia for a 2004 eighth-round and a
2005 third-round draft pick.

Philadelphia gets D Vladimir Malakhov from N.Y. Rangers for RW Rick Kozak and a
2005 second-round draft pick.

Los Angeles acquires RW Anson Carter from Washington for F Jared Aulin.

Pittsburgh acquires D Alain Nasreddine from N.Y. Islanders for F Steve Webb.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 6, 1985 Wednesday

Investment Canada   approves 14 plans

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 830 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
   OTTAWA
   Fourteen foreign investment proposals have been approved following
 review by Investment Canada, Industry Minister Sinclair Stevens' office
 has announced.

Approved are plans by:
    Acme Precision Products Inc. of Detroit, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Eagle Precision Tool Ltd. of Brantford, Ont.

American Express Canada Inc. of Markham, Ont., which is controlled by
 American Express Co. of New York, to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by HBC Travel Ltd., STS Travel Management Ltd. and Departures
 Publishing Inc., all of Toronto.

BMW Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Bayeriache Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft of West Germany, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by BMW Distributors Eastern Canada Ltd.
 of Whitby, Ont.

Curragh Resources Ltd. of Toronto, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Cyprus Anvil Mining Corp. of Calgary.

Hacker Press Ltd. of Abbottsford, B.C., which is controlled by Trinity
 International Holdings PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Peace Arch Publications Ltd. of White Rock, B.C.,
 and Meadow Ridge Publications Ltd. of Maple Ridge, B.C.

Household Trust Co. of Toronto, which is a subsidiary of Household
 International Inc. of Prospect Heights, Ill., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Provincial Trust Co. of London, Ont..

Mr. Fred Frank Kriz of Los Angeles, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Central Western Holdings Ltd., known as the Burnaby Centre
 in Vancouver.

Longyear Canada Inc. of Minneapolis, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Northern Diamond Holdings Ltd. of Haileybury, Ont.

National Intermodal Services Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Allis-Chalmers Canada Inc. of Lachine, Que.,
 consisting of its Stephens-Adamson Canada division.

Norton Co. of Worcester, Mass., to acquire control of substantially all
 of the businesses carried on by Carborundum Abrasifs Inc. of Toronto.
    140259 Canada Inc. of Montreal, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Marmon Industrial Corp. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Quebec Crues Ltee of Longueuil, Que.

Rio Algom Ltd. of Toronto, which is controlled by Rio Tinto Zinc Corp.
 PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Potash
 Co. of America Inc. in Toronto.

Waste Management Inc. of Oak Brook, Ill., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Kedon Services Ltd. of Calgary.

Wright Line of Canada Ltd.-Wright Line du Canada Ltee (USA), to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Datafile Ltd. of Toronto.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:
    Anthony Industries Inc., City of Commerce, Calif., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by K-2 Ski Canada Ltd. of Vashon Island, Wash.

Avondale Industries Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Trust of New York, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Algoma Contractors Ltd. of
 Sault Ste. Marie, Ont.

Carlton Cards Ltd. (USA), to acquire control of the businesses carried
 on by Thoughts and What-Nots Ltd. and Malcolm Craig McWhinnie and Nancy
 Jean McWhinnie under the name Greetings' of Kitchener, Ont.

Cassens Corp. of Detroit, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Cassens Transport Ltd. of Windsor, Ont.

Ciba Vision Care Inc. (USA), to acquire control of the business carried
 on by AOCO Ltd. of Toronto, consisting of its Softcon Products division.

CRC-Evans Pipeline International Inc. of Houston, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Wenger-Evans Canada Ltd. of Edmonton, which
 sells and leases pipeline equipment.

Dale Holdings Inc. of Malvern, Pa., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Dale Electronics Ltd. of Toronto.

General Printing Ink Corp. of Canada Ltd. (USA), to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Reichhold Ltd. of Mississauga, consisting of
 its Canada Printing Ink division.

HTX Industries Inc. (USA), to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Health-Tex Canada Inc. of Toronto.

Ingersoll-Rand Canada Inc. of Montreal, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Textron Canada Ltd. of Toronto, consisting of its
 Fafner Bearing division.

Minstar Inc. of Minneapolis, to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by AMF Canada Ltd. of Guelph, Ont., and AMF Geo Space Canada
 Ltd. of Calgary.

Procter and Gamble Co. of Cincinnati, to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Richardson-Vicks Ltd. and Vidal Sassoon of Canada
 Ltd. of Toronto.

Prolifier Investment BV of the Netherlands, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Playmates Toys (Canada) Inc. of Mississauga.

Reliance Universal Inc. of Louisville, Ky., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Zebra Coatings Ltd. of Vancouver.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     March 10, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

Wheeling & Dealing

SOURCE: The Gazette

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C1 / BREAK

LENGTH: 488 words

A list of NHL trades made before yesterday's 3 p.m. deadline:

Yesterday

Boston acquires F Brad Boyes and D Andy Delmore from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson
and future considerations.

Buffalo acquires Jeff Jillson and ninth-round draft pick in 2005 from San Jose
for C Curtis Brown and D Andy Delmore; acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for
F Jakub Klepis.

Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton for
D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round 2005
draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard; acquires

F Chris Bala from Minnesota for F Jordan Krestanovich.

Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

Dallas signed free-agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

Montreal acquires D Rene Vydareny from Vancouver for F Sylvain Blouin.

Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from Chicago for a
fourth-round draft pick.

New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquires D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and F
Alexandre Giroux.

St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for future considerations.

Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Neckar from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick.

Toronto acquires C Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free-agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft pick
in 2004; acquires F Martin Rucinsky from NewYork Rangers for D Martin Grenier
and F R.J. Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a
seventh-round draft pick in 2004; acquires F Sergei Varlamov from St. Louis for
F Ryan Ready.

Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta.

Monday

Atlanta acquires D Kyle Rossiter from Florida for C Kamil Piros.

Buffalo gets D Brad Brown and a 2005 sixth-round draft pick from Minnesota for a
2005 fourth-round draft pick.

Calgary acquires F Marcus Nilson from Florida for second-round 2004 draft pick.

Colorado gets F Matthew Barnaby and third-round 2004 draft pick from N.Y.
Rangers for D Chris McAllister, D David Liffiton and second-round 2004 pick.

Dallas acquires F Valeri Bure from Florida for D Drew Bagnall and conditional
draft pick, gets D Chris Therien from Philadelphia for a 2004 eighth-round and a
2005 third-round draft pick.

Philadelphia gets D Vladimir Malakhov from N.Y. Rangers for RW Rick Kozak and a
2005 second-round draft pick.

Los Angeles acquires RW Anson Carter from Washington for F Jared Aulin.

Pittsburgh acquires D Alain Nasreddine from N.Y. Islanders for F Steve Webb.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 27, 1985 Tuesday

Foreign investments approved

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1505 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - Industry Minister Sinclair Stevens has announced approval of
 the following reviewable investment proposals by non- Canadians under the
 Investment Canada Act in the period July 31 to Aug. 16, 1985:
     Beatrice Cos. Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of Playtex Ltd. of
 Toronto, which manufactures and sells intimate apparel and family
 products; Norton Simon Canada Inc. of Toronto, which processes and
 distributes food products and manufactures and distributes cosmetics;
 Bechem Canada Inc. of Bramalea, Ont., which manufactures and sells
 fertilizers; Aviscar Inc. of Montreal, which rents automobiles; WTH Canada
 Inc. of Montreal, which leases cars and small trucks.

B J-Hughes Holding Co. and Titan Services International, both of
 Houston, to acquire control of Hughes Tool Co. (Canada) Ltd. and Titan
 Pumping Services Inc., both of Calgary, which provide oilfield services.

Burlington Canada Inc. of Dorval, Que., a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Burlington Industries Inc. of Greenboro, N.C., to acquire control of Smart
 Fabrics Inc. of Ville St. Laurent, Que., which manufactures warp- knit
 fabrics; and 125640 Canada Inc. of Granby, Que., which provides dyeing and
 finishing services for fabrics.

Clark Equipment Co. of Buchanon, Mich., and Volvo AB of Sweden to
 acquire control of Euclid Canada Ltd. of Guelph, Ont., which manufactures
 off- highway haulers, loaders, dozers, forklift trucks and timber
 skidders; Collins and Aikman Inc. of Markham, Que., a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Collins and Aikman Corp. of New York, to acquire control of
 Berkley Wallcovering Inc. and Four Seasons Wall-Coverings Inc. of
 Sherbrooke, Que., which manufacture wallpaper.

Grosvenor Properties Ltd. of San Francisco to acquire control of Wosk's
 Ltd., consisting of its Sheraton Landmark Hotel, Sheraton Plaza 500 Hotel
 and Sheraton Villa Inn of Vancouver; Hayes-Dana Inc. of St. Catharines,
 Ont., controlled by Dana Corp. of Toledo, Ohio, to acquire control of
 Sheller-Globe of Canada Ltd., consisting of its Kralinator division in
 Cambridge, Ont., which manufactures and distributes air, oil, gasoline and
 other fuel filters. Hayes-Dana will also acquire all the remaining
 minority interest in WIX Inc., now held by Dana Corp. through an exchange
 of shares.

Kone Corp. of Finland to acquire control of Montgomery Elevator Co.
 Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures and assembles elevators, escalators
 and related components.

La Republique Francaise of France, to acquire control of Amok Ltd. of
 Saskatoon, which explores for and produces uranium; 144605 Canada Inc. of
 Toronto, wholly owned by L. E. M. Associates Inc. of Chicago, to acquire
 control of Tusmigen Inc. of Laval, Que., F. A. Tucker (Canada Ltd., F. A.
 Tucker (Ontario) Ltd., F. A. Tucker (Atlantic) Ltd., F. A. Tucker
 (Newfoundland) Ltd., F. A. Tucker (New Brunswick) Ltd. and Marenco
 Engineering Ltd., which are engaged in the construction and maintenance of
 electrical power transmission lines in eastern Canada.

Toyo Tire and Rubber Co. Ltd. of Japan to acquire control of MC Tire
 Sales (Canada) Ltd. of Richmond, B.C., which distributes tires for cars,
 trucks, buses and off-highway vehicles.

Investment Canada was also notified of the following non- reviewable
 acquisitions:
    Cadmus Computer Systems Inc. of Lowell, Mass., to acquire control of
 Avec Cadmus Inc. of Pointe Claire, Que., which sells and services
 microcomputer systems.

Carlton Cards Ltd. (USA) to acquire control of Murmill Enterprises Ltd.
 of London, Ont., which retails greeting cards.

Castle and Cooke Inc. of San Francisco to acquire control of Oil-Flex
 Rental Ltd. of Montreal, an inactive business, and Flexi-Van Canada Ltd.
 of Montreal, which own and leases chassis.

D.D. Bean and Sons Co. of Jaffery, N.H., to acquire control of Premier
 Matches Ltd. of Montreal and of Strike-Rite Matches Ltd. of London, Ont.,
 which manufacture and distribute book matches and other advertising
 products.

Emerson Electric Co. of St. Louis to acquire control of Ascolectric
 Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., which manufactures control equipment used for the
 automation of machinery.

SS Acquisition Corp. of Washington to acquire control of KD Tools of
 Canada Ltd., Mississauga, Ont., which distributes mechanics hand tools.

Flexi-Van Corp. of New York to acquire control of Eroe Transport Co.
 Ltd. of Halifax, an inactive company, and Castle and Cooke Foods of Canada
 Ltd., Montreal, a broker for fresh and processed fruit products.

Bryant Hilliard of Andover, N.J., to acquire control of Captain G. A.
 Veres Associates Ltd. of Vancouver, marine economists and consultants.

Hosokawa Micron Corp. of Japan to acquire control of Ducon Mikropul
 Ltd. of Brampton, Ont., which designs, manufactures and distributes air
 pollution control equipment and pulverizing equipment.

OHIS Inc. of Frederick, Md., to acquire control of OHIS Canada Inc. of
 Toronto, which provides occupational health systems and services to
 industry.

Richmond Transportation Corp. of Newport Beach, Calif., to acquire
 control of Welles Corp. Ltd. of Windsor, Ont., which manufactures and
 assembles school-bus bodies and related accessories.

Sandoz Ltd. of Switzerland to acquire control of The Masters Builders
 Co. Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures liquid chemicals and dry goods for
 use in concrete.

Selviac Nederland BV of the Netherlands to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Selviac Quebec Inc. of St. Leonard, Que., which
 bottles and distributes wine.

SGS North America Inc. of Hoboken, N.J., to acquire control of
 Intermodol Marine Surveys Ltd. of Scarborough, Ont., which performs
 inspection services for the transportation industry.

SmithKline Beckman Corp. of Philadelphia, to acquire control of Kopp
 Laboratories Ltd. of Ottawa, which operates medical laboratories.

Teleplex International Ltd. (USA) to acquire control of Teleplex Ltd.
 of Brampton, Ont., which distributes turnkey computer hardware and
 software products to the medical profession.

The Times Mirror of Los Angeles to acquire control of the XLB Division
 of Xerox Canada Inc. of Toronto, which markets staff development training
 programs.

Union Carbide Corp. of Danbury, Conn., to acquire control of STP
 Scientifically Tested Products of Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 wholesales automotive specialty chemicals.

Valley Camp Inc. of Toronto to acquire control of the soap division of
 Malone Oil Co. Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures and sells industrial
 and commercial soaps.

The agency was also advised of the creation of the following New
 Businesses Ventures:
    Bechthold Resources Ltd. (USA) to establish a new business in Calgary
 to engage in biotechnology and energy research and development and medical
 research.

C. A. Scientific Instruments Ltd. of Britain to distribute products
 manufactured by Kombinat VEB Carl Zeiss Jena.

Deltacom Inc. of Feasterville, Penn., to establish a new business in
 Ottawa to provide consulting, management advisory, and project management
 services.

Devoe Marine Coatings of Canada Ltd., New York, to establish a new
 business in Dartmouth, N.S., to purchase, manufacture and sell blended
 thinners.

Engineering and Economics Research, Inc. of Vienna, Va., to establish a
 new business in Ottawa to engage in professional consulting and systems
 engineering, primarily in the defence, aerospace and transportation
 industries.

Flight Canada Ltd. of Consecon, Ont., to establish a new business to
 distribute airline replacement parts.

FSI Flight Structures Ltd. (USA) to establish a new business in
 Richmond, B.C., to provide engineering, technical and consulting services
 to the aviation industry.

V. G. Gochneaur of Chardon, Ohio, to establish a new business in
 Toronto to wholesale and retail perfumes and colognes.

Grapha-Holding AG and Muller Martini AG, both of Switzerland, to
 establish a new business in Toronto to provide direct marketing and after-
 sales support to its line of bindery equipment.

House of Imports of Madison Heights, Mich., to establish a new business
 in Windsor, Ont., to repair electronic products.

Hed-Chem BV of the Netherlands to establish a new business in Toronto
 to provide consulting and marketing services in the chemical and
 petrochemical field.

PRC Public Management Services Inc. of McLean, Va., to establish a new
 business in Ontario to provide data communication and information systems
 to public safety and criminal justice agencies.

Prusin Holdings Inc. (USA) to establish a new business in Willowdale,
 to operate retail franchises selling cheesecake, cakes and pies.

Josef Schengili of Toronto to establish a new business to engage in the
 design, development, marketing and installation of computer services and
 software.

Andy Seyffor of Switzerland to establish a new business in Calgary to
 rent motorcycles.
    620624 Ontario Ltd. of Hong Kong to estblish a new business in
 Mississauga, Ont., to import and distribute artificial flowers, plants and
 giftware.

The Software Link Inc. of Atlanta, Ga., to establish a new business in
 Markham, Ont., to wholesale and retail computer hardware and software.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            March 10, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

What went down on NHL deal day

BYLINE: The Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 511  words


A list of the 20 NHL trades, five waiver claims and two free agent signings made
Tuesday before the noon PST deadline:

Boston acquires F Brad Boyes from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson; San Jose trades
Jillson and ninth-round pick in 2005 to

Buffalo for F Curtis Brown and D Andy Delmore; San Jose trades Delmore to Boston
for future considerations.

Buffalo acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for F Jakub Klepis.

Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton for
D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round 2005
draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard; acquires F
Chris Bala from

Minnesota for F Jordan Krestanovich.

Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

Dallas signed free agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

Los Angeles acquires F Jeff Cowan from Atlanta for F Kip Brennan.

Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from

Chicago for a fourth-round draft pick in 2005.

New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquires D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and F
Alexandre Giroux.

St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for future considerations; trade
D Tom Koivisto to Phoenix for future considerations.

Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Necker from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick in
2004.

Toronto acquires F Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free-agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft pick
in 2004; acquires F Martin Rucinsky from New York Rangers for D Martin Grenier
and F R.J. Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a
seventh-round draft pick in 2004; acquires F Sylvain Blouin from Montreal for D
Rene Vydareny; acquires F Sergei Varlamov from St. Louis for F Ryan Ready.

Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta

------

Monday's Trades Atlanta acquires D Kyle Rossiter from Florida for C Kamil Piros.

Buffalo gets D Brad Brown and a 2005 sixth-round draft pick from Minnesota for a
2005 fourth-round draft pick.

Calgary acquires F Marcus Nilson from Florida for second-round 2004 draft pick.

Colorado gets F Matthews Barnaby and third-round 2004 draft pick from N.Y.
Rangers for D Chris McAllister, D David Liffiton and second-round 2004 pick.

Dallas acquires F Valeri Bure from Florida for D Drew Bagnall and conditional
draft pick, gets D Chris Therien from Philadelphia for a 2004 eighth-round and a
2005 third-round draft pick.

Philadelphia gets D Vladimir Malakhov from N.Y. Rangers for RW Rick Kozak and a
2005 second-round draft pick.

Los Angeles acquires RW Anson Carter from Washington for F Jared Aulin.

Pittsburgh acquires D Alain Nasreddine from N.Y. Islanders for F Steve Webb.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            January 11, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

WHL trades since Jan. 1

BYLINE: The Leader-Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 424  words


WHL TRADES

(since Jan. 1)

Jan. 10

- Brandon acquires D Matt McCue, 19, from Chilliwack for a 2009 fourth-round
bantam pick.

- Edmonton acquires LW Brennan Sonne, 20, from Red Deer for a 2009 seventh-round
bantam pick.

- Spokane acquires D Trevor Glass from Medicine Hat for a 2008 third-round
bantam selection and a second-round pick in 2010.

- Portland acquires RW Phil Gervais, 17, from Vancouver for a 2009 fifth-round
bantam pick.

- Prince George acquires D Cody Hobbs, 18, from Chilliwack for a 2008
seventh-round bantam pick.

- Swift Current acquires D Jesse Dudas, 19, and F prospect Catlin Foley, 15,
from Prince George for G Ian Curtis, 17.

- Swift Current acquires G Mark Guggenberger, 18, from Portland for a
conditional 2009 bantam pick.

- Kootenay acquires D Eric Frere, 19, from Calgary for a 2008 fifth-round bantam
pick.

Jan. 9

- Swift Current acquires D Bretton Stamler, 20, from Edmonton for a 2008
third-round bantam pick.

- Regina acquires RW Ryan DePape, 19, from Regina for LW Jared Jagow, 19, and a
2008 third-round bantam pick.

- Vancouver acquires D R.J. LaRochelle, 20, from Swift Current for a 2009
eighth-round bantam pick.

- Lethbridge acquires D Jeff May, 20, from Prince Albert for LW Brent Martin,
15, C Robbie Ciolfi, 16, and a 2008 second-round bantam pick.

- Kootenay acquires D Zach Sim, 19, from Prince Albert for a 2008 fifth-round
bantam pick.

- Kelowna acquires RW Brent Ottmann, 19, from Prince Albert for a conditional
2009 bantam pick.

Jan. 8

- Tri-City acquires D Nolan Toigo, 18, from Vancouver for conditional 2009
sixth-round bantam pick.

Jan. 7

- Spokane acquires C Justin McCrae, 19, from Saskatoon for C Chris Langkow, 18,
RW Burke Gallimore (turned 17 Tuesday) and a conditional third-round bantam pick
in 2009.

- Moose Jaw acquires D Ty Wishart, 19, C Evan Fuller, 19, and a 2008 third-round
bantam pick from Prince George for C Justin Maylan, 16, RW Brad Riege, 18, and a
2008 first-round bantam pick.

- Chilliwack acquires D Matt Strong, 17, from Red Deer for LW Colby Kulhanek,
18.

Jan. 5

- Regina acquires D Ryan Bender, 20, and D Victor Bartley, 19, from Kamloops for
D Nick Ross, 18, D Spencer Fraipoint, 19, and a 2008 fourth-round bantam pick.

- Regina acquires D Dallas Jackson, 18, from Red Deer for LW Troy Ofukany, 20,
and D Juraj Valach, 18.

- Calgary acquires Brock Nixon and a 2008 sixth-round bantam pick from Kamloops
for C Devon Kalinski, 17, and a 2008 second-round bantam pick.

Jan. 1

- Regina acquires RW J.D. Watt, 20, and C Scott Doucet, 19, from Red Deer for C
Cody Gross, 18, and RW Brett Miller, 16.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     March 10, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

Deadline day deals: At a glance

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: Sports; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 524 words

A list of the 20 National Hockey League trades, five waiver claims and two free
agent signings made Tuesday before the 1 p.m. MST deadline:

Boston acquires F Brad Boyes from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson; San Jose trades
Jillson and ninth-round pick in 2005 to

Buffalo for F Curtis Brown and D Andy Delmore; San Jose trades Delmore to Boston
for future considerations.

Buffalo acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for F Jakub Klepis.

Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton for
D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round 2005
draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard; acquires F
Chris Bala from

Minnesota for F Jordan Krestanovich.

Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

Dallas signed free agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

Los Angeles acquires F Jeff Cowan from Atlanta for F Kip Brennan.

Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from Chicago for a
fourth-round draft pick in 2005.

New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquires D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and F
Alexandre Giroux.

St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for future considerations; trade
D Tom Koivisto to Phoenix for future considerations.

Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Necker from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick in
2004.

Toronto acquires F Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free-agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft pick
in 2004; acquires F Martin Rucinsky from New York Rangers for D Martin Grenier
and F R.J. Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a
seventh-round draft pick in 2004; acquires F Sylvain Blouin from Montreal for D
Rene Vydareny; acquires F Sergei Varlamov from St. Louis for F Ryan Ready.

Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta

Monday's Trades

Atlanta acquires D Kyle Rossiter from Florida for C Kamil Piros.

Buffalo gets D Brad Brown and a 2005 sixth-round draft pick from Minnesota for a
2005 fourth-round draft pick.

Calgary acquires F Marcus Nilson from Florida for second-round 2004 draft pick.

Colorado gets F Matthew Barnaby and third-round 2004 draft pick from N.Y.
Rangers for D Chris McAllister, D David Liffiton and second-round 2004 pick.

Dallas acquires F Valeri Bure from Florida for D Drew Bagnall and conditional
draft pick, gets D Chris Therien from Philadelphia for a 2004 eighth-round and a
2005 third-round draft pick.

Philadelphia gets D Vladimir Malakhov from N.Y. Rangers for RW Rick Kozak and a
2005 second-round draft pick.

Los Angeles acquires RW Anson Carter from Washington for F Jared Aulin.

Pittsburgh acquires D Alain Nasreddine from N.Y. Islanders for F Steve Webb.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    December 28, 2000 Thursday Final Edition

A review of the big deals in 2000

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 325 words


1. $49.5 billion (Cdn): France's Vivendi to acquire Seagram Co., June 19

2. $11.5 billion: Nortel Networks acquires Alteon WebSystems (U.S.), July 28

3. $10.4 billion: France's Alcatel acquires Newbridge Networks, Feb. 22

4. $6.4 billion: BCE Inc. to acquire Teleglobe Inc., Feb. 15

5. $5.9 billion: Shire Pharmaceuticals to acquire BioChem Pharma, Dec. 12

6. $5.6 billion: Abitibi-Consolidated acquires Donohue Inc., Feb. 11

7. $5.2 billion: Quebecor Inc. wins battle for Groupe Videotron, Oct. 19

8. $4.75 billion: Nortel Networks acquires Xros Inc. (U.S.), March 14

9. $4 billion: Telus Corp. acquires Clearnet Communications, Aug. 21

10. $3.6 billion: C.I. Fund Management bids for Mackenzie Financial, Nov. 6 (bid
was dropped Dec. 21)

11. $3.2 billion: CanWest Global buys Hollinger's Cdn newspapers, July 31

12. $3.17 billion: PMC-Sierra acquires Quantum Effect Devices (U.S.), July 12

13. $3.09 billion: Thomson Corp. buys Harcourt General assets (US), Aug. 27

14. $2.7 billion: Amvescap (U.K.) acquires Trimark Financial, May 9

15. $2.58 billion: Husky Oil to acquire Renaissance Energy, June 19

16. $2.34 billion: Gannett Co., Cox, others buy Thomson U.S. papers, June 8

17. $2.3 billion: BCE Inc. acquires CTV Inc., Feb. 26

18. $2.18 billion: Royal Bank acquires Dain Rauscher Corp. (U.S.), Sept. 28

19. $1.7 billion: Gulf Canada Resources acquires Crestar Energy, Oct. 22

20. $1.7 billion: Billiton (U.K.) acquires Rio Algom, Aug. 22

21. $1.67 billion: Amdocs (U.S.) acquires Solect Technology Group, Feb. 29

22. $1.6 billion: Hydro-Quebec acquires Transelec (Chile), Oct. 12

23. $1.56 billion: Nortel Networks to acquire CoreTek (US), March 21

24. $1.47 billion: Korea Telecom buys Hansol M.com from BCI, June 15

25. $1.44 billion: Siebel Systems acquires Janna Systems, Sept. 11

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              14 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                     March 4, 2004 Thursday FINAL C Edition

On the move

SOURCE: The Province

SECTION: Sports; Pg. A65

LENGTH: 398 words

Trades made by NHL teams prior to the March 9 trade deadline:

Feb. 4: Ottawa acquires D Todd Simpson from Anaheim for F Petr Schastlivy.

Feb. 8: St. Louis acquires D Eric Weinrich from Philadelphia for a 5th round
pick in 2004.

Feb. 9: Phoenix acquires F Mike Comrie from Philadelphia for G Sean Burke, F
Branko Radivojevic and F Ben Eager.

Feb. 11: Toronto acquires D Drake Berehowsky from Pittsburgh for D Ric Jackman.

Feb. 16: Vancouver acquires F Peter Sarno from Edmonton for G Tyler Moss;
Nashville acquires F Steve Sullivan from Chicago for second round picks in 2004
and 2005.

Feb. 18: Ottawa acquires F Peter Bondra from Washington for F Brooks Laich and a
2nd round pick in 2005.

Feb. 19: Philadelphia acquires F Alexei Zhamnov and 4th round pick in 2004 from
Chicago for D Jim Vandermeer, F Colin Fraser and a 2nd round pick in 2004.

Feb. 20: Colorado acquires Bob Boughner from Carolina for D Chris Bahen and a
2nd round pick in 2004.

Feb. 21: Colorado acquires D Kurt Sauer and a 4th round pick in 2005 from
Anaheim for D Martin Skoula.

Feb. 22: Pittsburgh acquires F Landon Wilson from Phoenix for future
considerations.

Feb. 24: Calgary acquires F Ville Nieminen from Chicago for F Jason Morgan and a
conditional draft pick.

Feb. 25: Colorado acquires F Darby Hendrickson and an 8th round pick in 2004
from Minnesota for a 4th round pick in 2004.

Feb. 27: Detroit acquires F Robert Lang from Washington for F Tomas Fleischmann,
a 1st round pick in 2004 and a 4th round pick in 2006.

March 1: New Jersey acquires F Viktor Kozlov from Florida for F Christian
Berglund and D Victor Uchevatov.

March 2: Montreal acquires F Alexei Kovalev from New York Rangers for F Jozef
Balej and a 2nd round pick in 2004; Los Angeles acquires D Nathan Dempsey from
Chicago for a 4th round pick in 2005 and future considerations.

March 3: Toronto acquires D Brian Leetch and a conditional pick from New York
Rangers for D Maxim Kondratiev, F Jarkko Immonen, a 1st round pick in 2004 and a
2nd round pick in 2005; Edmonton acquires F Petr Nedved and G Jussi Markkanen
from New York Rangers for F Dwight Helminen, G Stephen Valiquette and a 2nd
round pick in 2004; Boston acquires D Sergei Gonchar from Washington for D
Shaone Morrisonn, a 1st round pick in 2004 and a 2nd round pick in 2004; San
Jose acquires D Jason Marshall from Minnesota for a 5th round pick in 2004.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday

ALL THE DEADLINE DEALS

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 510  words


Calgary Flames acquire forward Jamie Lundmark from Phoenix Coyotes for
fourth-round draft pick; trade centre Jason Wiemer to New Jersey Devils for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Carolina Hurricanes acquire forward Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for forward Niklas Nordgren, forward Krys Kolanos and second-round
draft pick in 2007.

Colorado Avalanche acquire forward Jim Dowd from Chicago Blackhawks for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Willie Mitchell and second-round draft pick in
2007 from Minnesota Wild for defencemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle.

Detroit Red Wings acquire defenceman Cory Cross from Pittsburgh Penguins for
fourth-round draft pick in 2007.

Edmonton Oilers acquire forward Sergei Samsonov from Boston Bruins for forward
Marty Reasoner, second-round draft pick in 2006 and forward Yan Stastny.

Florida Panthers re-sign forward Olli Jokinen to a $21-million US, four-year
contract; acquire defenceman Ric Jackman from Pittsburgh Penguins for centre
Petr Taticek.

Montreal Canadiens acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Chicago Blackhawks for
sixth-round draft pick in 2006.

New Jersey Devils acquire defenceman Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006.

New York Rangers acquire defenceman Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim Mighty Ducks
for third-round draft pick in 2006.

Ottawa Senators claim goalie Mike Morrison off waivers from Edmonton Oilers;
acquire forward Tyler Arnason from Chicago Blackhawks for winger Brandon
Bochenski and second-round draft pick in 2006.

Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Denis Gauthier from Phoenix Coyotes for
left-winger Josh Gratton and two second-round draft picks in 2006; and acquire
forward Niko Dimitrakos from San Jose Sharks for third-round pick in 2006.

Phoenix Coyotes trade defenceman Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for
forward Joel Perreault; acquire forward Oleg Kvasha from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Jamie Rivers from Detroit Red
Wings for seventh-round draft pick in 2007; and acquire forward Yannick Lehoux
from Los Angeles in exchange for forward Tim Jackman.

Pittsburgh Penguins: Claim defenceman Andy Hilbert from Chicago Blackhawks.

Vancouver Canucks acquire defenceman Eric Weinrich from St. Louis Blues for
defenceman Tomas Mojzis and third-round pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Sean
Brown from New Jersey Devils for fourth- round draft pick in 2006; acquire
goaltender Mika Noronen from Buffalo Sabres for second-round pick in 2006;
acquire defenceman Keith Carney and the rights to defenceman Juha Alen from
Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenceman Brett Skinner and second-round draft pick in
2006; and trade defenceman Steve McCarthy to Atlanta for conditional draft pick
in 2007.

Washington Capitals claim forward Rico Fata on waivers from Atlanta Thrashers;
trade forward Jeff Friesen to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for second-round draft pick
in 2006; trade defenceman Brendan Witt to Nashville Predators for centre Kris
Beech and first-round draft pick in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 St. John's Telegram, a division of Transcontinental Media Group
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                     March 10, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

GMs get very busy

SOURCE: Associated Press

SECTION: Sports; Pg. A51

LENGTH: 366 words

The full list of all NHL player moves made Tuesday:

- Boston acquires F Brad Boyes from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson; San Jose trades
Jillson and ninth-round pick in 2005 to Buffalo for F Curtis Brown and D Andy
Delmore; San Jose trades Delmore to Boston for future considerations.

- Buffalo acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for F Jakub Klepis.

- Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton
for D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round
2005 draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard; acquires
F Chris Bala from Minnesota for F Jordan Krestanovich.

- Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

- Dallas signs free-agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

- Los Angeles acquires F Jeff Cowan from Atlanta for F Kip Brennan.

- Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

- New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from Chicago for a
fourth-round draft pick in 2005.

- New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquires D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

- Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and
F Alexandre Giroux.

- St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for future considerations;
trade D Tom Koivisto to Phoenix for future considerations.

- Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Neckar from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick
in 2004.

- Toronto acquires F Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free-agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

- Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft
pick in 2004; acquires F Martin Rucinsky from New York Rangers for D Martin
Grenier and F R.J. Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a
seventh-round draft pick in 2004; acquires F Sylvain Blouin from Montreal for D
Rene Vydareny; acquires F Sergei Varlamov from St. Louis for F Ryan Ready.

- Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Complete list of Thursday deals

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 492  words


A look at moves made Thursday before the NHL trading deadline:

Calgary Flames acquire forward Jamie Lundmark from Phoenix Coyotes for
fourth-round draft pick; trade centre Jason Wiemer to New Jersey Devils for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Carolina Hurricanes acquire forward Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for forward Niklas Nordgren, forward Krys Kolanos and second-round
draft pick in 2007.

Colorado Avalanche acquire forward Jim Dowd from Chicago Blackhawks for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Willie Mitchell and second-round draft pick in
2007 from Minnesota Wild for defencemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle.

Detroit Red Wings acquire defenceman Cory Cross from Pittsburgh Penguins for
fourth-round draft pick in 2007.

Edmonton Oilers acquire forward Sergei Samsonov from Boston Bruins for forward
Marty Reasoner, second-round draft pick in 2006 and forward Yan Stastny.

Florida Panthers re-sign F Olli Jokinen to a $21-million US, four-year contract;
acquire D Ric Jackman from Pittsburgh Penguins for C Petr Taticek.

Montreal Canadiens acquire D Todd Simpson from Chicago Blackhawks for
sixth-round draft pick in 2006.

New Jersey Devils acquire defenceman Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006.

New York Rangers acquire D Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim Mighty Ducks for
third-round draft pick in 2006.

Ottawa Senators claim goalie Mike Morrison off waivers from Edmonton Oilers;
acquire forward Tyler Arnason from Chicago Blackhawks for winger Brandon
Bochenski and second-round draft pick in 2006.

Philadelphia Flyers acquire D Denis Gauthier from Phoenix Coyotes for F Josh
Gratton and two second-round draft picks in 2006; and acquire F Niko Dimitrakos
from San Jose Sharks for third-round pick in 2006.

Phoenix Coyotes trade defenceman Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for
forward Joel Perreault; acquire forward Oleg Kvasha from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Jamie Rivers from Detroit Red
Wings for seventh-round draft pick in 2007; and acquire forward Yannick Lehoux
from Los Angeles in exchange for forward Tim Jackman.

Pittsburgh Penguins: Claim D Andy Hilbert from Chicago Blackhawks.

Vancouver Canucks acquire D Eric Weinrich from St. Louis Blues for D Tomas
Mojzis and third-round pick in 2006; acquire D Sean Brown from New Jersey Devils
for fourth-round draft pick in 2006; acquire G Mika Noronen from Buffalo Sabres
for second-round pick in 2006; acquire D Keith Carney and the rights to D Juha
Alen from Anaheim Mighty Ducks for D Brett Skinner and second-round draft pick
in 2006; and trade D Steve McCarthy to Atlanta for conditional draft pick in
2007.

Washington Capitals claim F Rico Fata on waivers from Atlanta Thrashers; trade F
Jeff Friesen to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for second-round draft pick in 2006; trade
D Brendan Witt to Nashville Predators for C Kris Beech and first-round draft
pick in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday

Who got whom

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 520  words


A look at moves made yesterday before the NHL trading deadline:

Calgary Flames acquire forward Jamie Lundmark from Phoenix Coyotes for
fourth-round draft pick; trade centre Jason Wiemer to New Jersey Devils for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Carolina Hurricanes acquire forward Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for forward Niklas Nordgren, forward Krys Kolanos and second-round
draft pick in 2007.

Colorado Avalanche acquire forward Jim Dowd from Chicago Blackhawks for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Willie Mitchell and second-round draft pick in
2007 from Minnesota Wild for defencemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle.

Detroit Red Wings acquire defenceman Cory Cross from Pittsburgh Penguins for
fourth-round draft pick in 2007.

Edmonton Oilers acquire forward Sergei Samsonov from Boston Bruins for forward
Marty Reasoner, second-round draft pick in 2006 and forward Yan Stastny.

Florida Panthers re-sign forward Olli Jokinen to a $21-million US, four-year
contract; acquire defenceman Ric Jackman from Pittsburgh Penguins for centre
Petr Taticek.

Montreal Canadiens acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Chicago Blackhawks for
sixth-round draft pick in 2006.

New Jersey Devils acquire defenceman Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006.

New York Rangers acquire defenceman Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim Mighty Ducks
for third-round draft pick in 2006.

Ottawa Senators claim goalie Mike Morrison off waivers from Edmonton Oilers;
acquire forward Tyler Arnason from Chicago Blackhawks for winger Brandon
Bochenski and second-round draft pick in 2006.

Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Denis Gauthier from Phoenix Coyotes for
left-winger Josh Gratton and two second-round draft picks in 2006; and acquire
forward Niko Dimitrakos from San Jose Sharks for third-round pick in 2006.

Phoenix Coyotes trade defenceman Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for
forward Joel Perreault; acquire forward Oleg Kvasha from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Jamie Rivers from Detroit Red
Wings for seventh-round draft pick in 2007; and acquire forward Yannick Lehoux
from Los Angeles in exchange for forward Tim Jackman.

Pittsburgh Penguins: Claim defenceman Andy Hilbert from Chicago Blackhawks.

Vancouver Canucks acquire defenceman Eric Weinrich from St. Louis Blues for
defenceman Tomas Mojzis and third-round pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Sean
Brown from New Jersey Devils for fourth- round draft pick in 2006; acquire
goaltender Mika Noronen from Buffalo Sabres for second-round pick in 2006;
acquire defenceman Keith Carney and the rights to defenceman Juha Alen from
Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenceman Brett Skinner and second-round draft pick in
2006; and trade defenceman Steve McCarthy to Atlanta for conditional draft pick
in 2007.

Washington Capitals claim forward Rico Fata on waivers from Atlanta Thrashers;
trade forward Jeff Friesen to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for second-round draft pick
in 2006; trade defenceman Brendan Witt to Nashville Predators for centre Kris
Beech and first-round draft pick in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

NHL teams make their moves

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. SP03

LENGTH: 520  words


A look at moves made yesterday before the NHL trading deadline:

Calgary Flames acquire forward Jamie Lundmark from Phoenix Coyotes for
fourth-round draft pick; trade centre Jason Wiemer to New Jersey Devils for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Carolina Hurricanes acquire forward Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for forward Niklas Nordgren, forward Krys Kolanos and second-round
draft pick in 2007.

Colorado Avalanche acquire forward Jim Dowd from Chicago Blackhawks for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Willie Mitchell and second-round draft pick in
2007 from Minnesota Wild for defencemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle.

Detroit Red Wings acquire defenceman Cory Cross from Pittsburgh Penguins for
fourth-round draft pick in 2007.

Edmonton Oilers acquire forward Sergei Samsonov from Boston Bruins for forward
Marty Reasoner, second-round draft pick in 2006 and forward Yan Stastny.

Florida Panthers re-sign forward Olli Jokinen to a $21-million US, four-year
contract; acquire defenceman Ric Jackman from Pittsburgh Penguins for centre
Petr Taticek.

Montreal Canadiens acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Chicago Blackhawks for
sixth-round draft pick in 2006.

New Jersey Devils acquire defenceman Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006.

New York Rangers acquire defenceman Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim Mighty Ducks
for third-round draft pick in 2006.

Ottawa Senators claim goalie Mike Morrison off waivers from Edmonton Oilers;
acquire forward Tyler Arnason from Chicago Blackhawks for winger Brandon
Bochenski and second-round draft pick in 2006.

Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Denis Gauthier from Phoenix Coyotes for
left-winger Josh Gratton and two second-round draft picks in 2006; and acquire
forward Niko Dimitrakos from San Jose Sharks for third-round pick in 2006.

Phoenix Coyotes trade defenceman Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for
forward Joel Perreault; acquire forward Oleg Kvasha from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Jamie Rivers from Detroit Red
Wings for seventh-round draft pick in 2007; and acquire forward Yannick Lehoux
from Los Angeles in exchange for forward Tim Jackman.

Pittsburgh Penguins: Claim defenceman Andy Hilbert from Chicago Blackhawks.

Vancouver Canucks acquire defenceman Eric Weinrich from St. Louis Blues for
defenceman Tomas Mojzis and third-round pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Sean
Brown from New Jersey Devils for fourth-round draft pick in 2006; acquire
goaltender Mika Noronen from Buffalo Sabres for second-round pick in 2006;
acquire defenceman Keith Carney and the rights to defenceman Juha Alon from
Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenceman Brett Skinner and second-round draft pick in
2006; and trade defenceman Steve McCarthy to Atlanta for conditional draft pick
in 2007.

Washington Capitals claim forward Rico Fata on waivers from Atlanta Thrashers;
trade forward Jeff Friesen to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for second-round draft pick
in 2006; trade defenceman Brendan Witt to Nashville Predators for centre Kris
Beech and first-round draft pick in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Moving day in the NHL

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 530  words


A look at transactions made Thursday before the National Hockey League trading
deadline:

- Calgary Flames acquire forward Jamie Lundmark from Phoenix Coyotes for
fourth-round draft pick; trade centre Jason Wiemer to New Jersey Devils for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

- Carolina Hurricanes acquire forward Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for forward Niklas Nordgren, forward Krys Kolanos and second-round
draft pick in 2007.

- Colorado Avalanche acquire forward Jim Dowd from Chicago Blackhawks for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

- Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Willie Mitchell and second-round draft pick in
2007 from Minnesota Wild for defencemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle.

- Detroit Red Wings acquire defenceman Cory Cross from Pittsburgh Penguins for
fourth-round draft pick in 2007.

- Edmonton Oilers acquire forward Sergei Samsonov from Boston Bruins for forward
Marty Reasoner, second-round draft pick in 2006 and forward Yan Stastny.

- Florida Panthers re-sign forward Olli Jokinen to a $21-million US, four-year
contract; acquire defenceman Ric Jackman from Pittsburgh Penguins for centre
Petr Taticek.

- Montreal Canadiens acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Chicago Blackhawks for
sixth-round draft pick in 2006.

- New Jersey Devils acquire defenceman Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006.

- New York Rangers acquire defenceman Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim Mighty Ducks
for third-round draft pick in 2006.

- Ottawa Senators claim goalie Mike Morrison off waivers from Edmonton Oilers;
acquire forward Tyler Arnason from Chicago Blackhawks for winger Brandon
Bochenski and second-round draft pick in 2006.

- Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Denis Gauthier from Phoenix Coyotes for
left-winger Josh Gratton and two second-round draft picks in 2006; and acquire
forward Niko Dimitrakos from San Jose Sharks for third-round pick in 2006.

- Phoenix Coyotes trade defenceman Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for
forward Joel Perreault; acquire forward Oleg Kvasha from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Jamie Rivers from Detroit Red
Wings for seventh-round draft pick in 2007; and acquire forward Yannick Lehoux
from Los Angeles in exchange for forward Tim Jackman.

- Pittsburgh Penguins: Claim defenceman Andy Hilbert from Chicago Blackhawks.

- Vancouver Canucks acquire defenceman Eric Weinrich from St. Louis Blues for
defenceman Tomas Mojzis and third-round pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Sean
Brown from New Jersey Devils for fourth-round draft pick in 2006; acquire
goaltender Mika Noronen from Buffalo Sabres for second-round pick in 2006;
acquire defenceman Keith Carney and the rights to defenceman Juha Alon from
Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenceman Brett Skinner and second-round draft pick in
2006; and trade defenceman Steve McCarthy to Atlanta for conditional draft pick
in 2007.

- Washington Capitals claim forward Rico Fata on waivers from Atlanta Thrashers;
trade forward Jeff Friesen to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for second-round draft pick
in 2006; trade defenceman Brendan Witt to Nashville Predators for centre Kris
Beech and first-round draft pick in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; (Mark) Recchi;
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; (Cory) Cross;
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; (Sandis) Ozolinsh;
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; (Mike) Morrison; Colour
Photo: Journal Stock; (Eric) Weinrich;
Colour Photo: Journal Stock / (Jeff) Friesen;
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; (Brendan) Witt

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                             March 30, 2008 Sunday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

SUCCESS ON THE FIELD HAS ALWAYS BEEN TOP PRIORITY

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. L4

LENGTH: 505 words


From Signing Ortiz To Matsuzaka, Making The Right Moves Meant Two World Series
Titles Under Ownership Group

2002

March 11: Hire Grady Little

as manager.

June: Select LHP Jon Lester

in second round of amateur draft.

June 23: Acquire LHP

Alan Embree from Padres.

July 30: Acquire OF Cliff Floyd

from Expos.

December: Fail to sign

free agent RHP Jose Contreras.

Dec. 7: Release RHP Ugueth Urbina.

Dec. 12: Acquire 2B Todd Walker from Reds.

Dec. 24: Sign free agent

RHP Mike Timlin.

2003

Jan. 14: Sign free agent

3B Bill Mueller.

Jan. 22: Sign free agent

DH David Ortiz.

Feb. 4: Claim RHP Bronson Arroyo

off waivers.

Feb. 15: Acquire Kevin Millar

from Marlins (via Japan).

May 29: Acquire RHP Byung-Hyun Kim from Diamondbacks for

3B Shea Hillenbrand.

June: Select RHP Jonathan Papelbon in fourth round of amateur draft.

July 29: Acquire RHP

Scott Williamson from Reds.

July 31: Acquire RHP Jeff Suppan from Pirates for 2B Freddy Sanchez.

Oct. 16: Game 7 ALCS: Grady Little-Pedro Martinez-Aaron Boone.

Oct. 27: Little fired.

Nov. 28: Acquire RHP Curt Schilling from Diamondbacks.

December: Trade with Texas

for SS Alex Rodriguez falls apart.

Dec. 4: Hire Terry Francona

as manager.

Dec. 13: Sign free agent RHP

Keith Foulke.

Dec. 16: Acquire 2B Mark Bellhorn from Rockies.

2004

May 15: Recall 3B Kevin Youkilis

from Pawtucket.

June: Select INF Dustin Pedroia

in second round of amateur draft.

July 31: Acquire SS Orlando Cabrera and 1B Doug Mientkiewicz for

SS Nomar Garciaparra; acquire OF

Dave Roberts from Dodgers.

December: Allow RHP Pedro Martinez, RHP Derek Lowe and

SS Orlando Cabrera to leave via

free agency.

Dec. 14: Acquire LHP

David Wells as free agent.

Dec. 17: Acquire SS Edgar Renteria

as free agent.

Dec. 22: Acquire RHP

Matt Clement as free agent.

2005

May 1: Sign 1B John Olerud

June: Select RHP Clay Buchholz,

RHP Craig Hansen, RHP Michael Bowden, OF Jacoby Ellsbury and

INF Jed Lowrie in amateur draft.

July 7: Acquire INF

Alex Cora from Indians.

July 19: Acquire INF Tony Graffanino from Royals.

Nov. 24: Acquire RHP

Josh Beckett and 3B Mike Lowell from Marlins for SS Hanley Ramirez and RHP
Anibal Sanchez.

Dec. 7: Acquire 2B Mark Loretta

from Padres for C Doug Mirabelli.

Dec. 8: Trade SS Edgar Renteria

to Braves.

2006

Jan. 27: Acquire CF Coco Crisp

from Indians.

July 31: Sign SS Alex Gonzalez

as free agent.

March 20: Acquire OF Wily Mo Pena from Reds for RHP Bronson Arroyo.

May 1: Acquire C Doug

Mirabelli from Padres for

C Josh Bard and RHP

Cla Meredith.

June: Select RHP Daniel Bard

and Justin Masterson in amateur draft.

Nov. 30: Sign free agent

LHP Hideki Okajima.

Dec. 5: Sign SS Julio Lugo

as free agent.

Dec. 14: Sign RHP Daisuke Matsuzaka to six-year, $52

million contract.

2007

Feb. 14: Sign RF J.D. Drew

as free agent.

July 31: Acquire RHP Eric Gagne

from Rangers for LHP Kason Gabbard and OF David Murphy.

Aug. 6: Sign OF Bobby Kielty

to a minor league deal.

Aug. 17: Recall RHP Clay

Buchholz and OF Jacoby Ellsbury

from Triple A Pawtucket.

Aug. 21: Trade OF Wily Mo Pena

to Nationals for 1B Chris Carter.

2008

Feb. 1: Sign free agent 1B Sean Casey.

Feb. 25: Sign RHP Bartolo Colon

to minor league deal.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (B&W), ASSOCIATED PRESS
 J.D. DREW is in his second year in right field for the Red Sox after signing
Feb. 14, 2007.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: chronology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Deadline day deals at a glance

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 433  words


Canadiens acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Chicago Blackhawks for
sixth-round draft pick.

Calgary Flames acquire forward Jamie Lundmark from Phoenix Coyotes for draft
pick.

Carolina Hurricanes acquire forward Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for defenceman Niklas Nordgren, forward Krys Kolanos and second-round
draft pick.

Colorado Avalanche acquire forward Jim Dowd from Chicago Blackhawks for
fourth-round draft pick.

Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Willie Mitchell and second-round draft pick from
Minnesota Wild for defencemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle.

Detroit Red Wings acquire defenceman Cory Cross from Pittsburgh Penguins for
fourth-round draft pick.

Edmonton Oilers acquire forward Sergei Samsonov from Boston Bruins for forward
Marty Reasoner, second-round draft pick and forward Yan Stastny.

Florida Panthers re-sign forward Olli Jokinen to a $21-million, four-year
contract.

New Jersey Devils acquire defenceman Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick.

New York Rangers acquire defenceman Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim Mighty Ducks
for third-round draft pick.

Ottawa Senators claim goalie Mike Morrison off waivers from Edmonton Oilers;
acquire forward Tyler Arnason from Chicago Blackhawks for winger Brandon
Bochenski and second-round draft pick.

Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Denis Gauthier from Phoenix Coyotes for
left-winger Josh Gratton and two second-round draft picks; and acquire forward
Nikos Dimitrakos from San Jose Sharks for third-round pick.

Phoenix Coyotes trade defenceman Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for
forward Joel Perreault; acquire forward Oleg Kvasha from New York Islanders for
third-round draft pick; acquire defenceman Jamie Rivers from Detroit Red Wings
for seventh-round draft pick; and acquire forward Yannick Lehoux from Los
Angeles Kings in exchange for forward Tim Jackman.

Pittsburgh Penguins claim defenceman Andy Hilbert from Chicago Blackhawks.

Vancouver Canucks acquire defenceman Sean Brown from New Jersey Devils for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006; acquire goaltender Mika Noronen from Buffalo
Sabres for a second-round draft pick; acquire forward Keith Carney from Anaheim
Mighty Ducks for defenceman Brett Skinner and second-round draft pick; and trade
defenceman Steve McCarthy to Atlanta Thrashers for conditional draft pick.

Washington Capitals claim forward Rico Fata on waivers from Atlanta Thrashers;
trade forward Jeff Friesen to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for second-round draft pick;
trade defenceman Brendan Witt to Nashville Predators for centre Kris Beech and
first-round draft pick.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 6, 1985 Friday
                              Correction Appended

Goodrich acquisition   allowed after review

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 809 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
   OTTAWA
   Pat Carney, acting Minister of Regional Industrial Expansion, has
 announced the following approvals of reviewable investment proposals and
 notifications of investments by non-Canadians under the Investment Canada
 Act between Nov. 12 and Nov. 22.

B. F. Goodrich Canada Inc. of Kitchener, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary  of B.
F. Goodrich Co. of Akron, Ohio, is allowed to acquire control of  Diamond
Shamrock Alberta Gas Limited Partnership of Fort Saskatchewan,  Alta., Diamond
Shamrock Canada Ltd. and Diamond Shamrock Alberta Gas Ltd.,  both of Calgary.

Acquisitions not requiring review included proposals by:
    Edward Franklin Albury and Lois Marion Albury of the Bahamas, to
 acquire control of Mill Bay Marina of Mill Bay, B.C.

All-Strong Ltd. of Hong Kong, to acquire control of Roger Lawrence
 Enterprises Ltd. of Vancouver.

Boots Drug Stores (Canada) Ltd., a unit of Boots Co. PLC of Britain, to
 acquire control of Sidney Pollock Pharmacy Ltd. of Toronto.

John De Kuyper et Fils (Canada) Ltee of Montreal to acquire control of
 Corpav Inc. of Montreal.

Depor Industries Inc. of Ferndale, Mich., to acquire control of Anti-
 Friction Enterprises Ltd. of Toronto.

Emco Ltd. of London, Ont., to acquire control of Fred Poliquin Ltee of
 Trois-Rivieres, Que.

Flanington NV of the Netherlands Antilles, to acquire control of
 Misener Holdings Ltd. of Toronto.

Grand Metropolitan PLC of Britain, to acquire control of Pearle Vision
 Centre of Canada Ltd., Toronto.

Heilit & Woerner Bau AG of West Germany to acquire control of SCI
 Holdings Ltd. of Calgary.

Laser Data Systems Inc. of the United States to acquire control of Data
 Conversion Systems of Toronto.

McDonald's Restaurants of Canada Ltd., Toronto, to acquire control of
 J. & M. Darin Foods Ltd. of Barrie, Ont.

Siegling Canada Ltd. to acquire control of Transilon Ltd. of
 Mississauga, Ont.

Studley Canada Ltd., to acquire control of Norman Marcus Ltd. of
 Toronto.

Suncor Inc., a unit of Sun. Co. Inc. of Radnor, Pa., to acquire control
 of certain petroleum and natural gas properties located in the Avenir-
 Charron area of Alberta owned by Maynard Energy Inc., Ranger Oil Ltd.,
 Onyx Petroleum Exploration Co. Ltd., Star Oil & Gas Ltd., International
 Thomson Ltd. and Bankeno Resources Ltd.

Todd Acquisition Corp. of New York, to acquire control of Aro Canada
 Inc. of Toronto.

TPF&C Ltd., to acquire control of Peter Barnard Associates of Toronto.

Transworld Corp. of New York, to acquire control of VSI Volume
 Concessions Services Inc. of Hamilton.

New businesses being created include proposals by:
    Anderson-Greenwood USA Inc. of Bellaire, Tex., to establish a business
 at Toronto to assemble, test, warehouse and ship instrumentation, valves
 and manifolds used in oil-gas production, petroleum processing and
 chemical industries.

Avant-Garde Optics Ltd. of Port Washington, N.Y., to establish a
 business at Mississauga, Ont., to distribute eye-glass frames.

Base Ten of Canada Ltd. to establish a business at Winnipeg to
 manufacture, instal and service automated meter-reading equipment.

Beckley Group of Fairfield, Ind., to establish a business at Toronto to
 give seminars on 'no down-payment' real estate.

Deux Choses Lune SARL Societe Francaise of France. to establish a
 business at Quebec to operate an advertising agency.

Charles Howard Gill of Boulder, Colo., to establish a business at
 Calgary to operate a food distribution business.

Gunold & Stickma GmbH of West Germany, to establish a business at
 Vancouver to wholesale and retail embroidery thread and supplies.

Hayward Industrial Products Inc. of Elizabeth, N.J., and Flexible
 Dynamics Ltd. of Toronto to establish a business at Toronto to manufacture
 industrial strainers.

Midnapore Investments Limited Partnership of West Germany, to establish
 a new business at Calgary to engage in property investments.

NEL Permanent Health Insurances Ltd. of Britain, to establish a
 business at Toronto to be engaged in the reinsurance of Canadian long-term
 disability risks.

Nissei Sangyo America Ltd. of Rolling Meadows, Ill., to establish a
 business at Toronto to distribute and service electron microscopes and
 other scientific instruments.

Optiline-Qualastic Ltd. of Britain, to establish a business at Toronto
 to supply various wedge- wire fabrics materials.

Thomas Perchinsky of Johnson City, N.Y., to establish a business at
 Mississauga, Ont., to franchise used-car rental systems.

Scan-Optics Inc. of East Hartford, Conn., to establish a business at
 Toronto to provide sales and services for computer products.

Julide Sivisoglu of Englewood, N.J., to establish a business at
 Montreal to operate an import- export wholesale agency.

Apscan Inc. of Riverchase, Ala., to establish a business at Toronto to
 retail computer software.

Arthur Williams of Duluth, Ga., to establish a business at Mississauga,
 Ont., to operate a life insurance agency.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 7, 1985



CORRECTION: Flanington NV of the Netherlands Antilles has purchased a building
at 2
 Toronto St. in Toronto from Misener Holdings Ltd. It has not proposed to
 acquire control of Misener, as an Investment Canada announcement, carried
 Dec. 3, said incorrectly.

   (Saturday, December 7, l985. pB2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 10, 1985 Tuesday

39 foreign proposals accepted   under Investment Canada Act

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 975 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - Industry Minister Sinclair Stevens has announced that the
 federal Cabinet has approved 39 foreign investment proposals following
 review under the Investment Canada Act.

The proposals approved were by:
    The Stearns Technical Textiles Trust of Cincinnati to acquire control
 of the businesses carried on by Stearns and Foster Investments Ltd. and
 the Dominion Wadding Co. of Mississauga, Ont., which are inactive
 businesses, and Stearns and Foster Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont.

Agway Petroleum Corp. of Syracuse, N.Y., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Eneroll Sales Inc. of Concord, Ont.

Arthur Sanderson and Sons (North America) Ltd. of West Point, Ga., to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Reed Inc., consisting of its
 Arthur Sanderson and Sons division of Toronto.

Cives Manufacturing Corp. of Roswell, Ga., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Tenco Machinery Ltd. of St. Valerien, Que., to
 manufacture and sell snowplows, balers, spreaders and dumpers.

Computer Associates Canada Ltd. of Oakville, Ont., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Basic Software Group Inc. of Vancouver.

Davis Great Guns Logging Inc. of Wichita, Kan., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Alberta Perforators Inc. of Leduc, Alta.

FMC Corp. of Chicago to acquire control of the businesses carried on by
 Black Sivalls and Bryson Ltd. of Nisku, Alta., an inactive company, and
 Black Sivalls and Bryson (Canada) Ltd. of Nisku.

Robert Grebler of Santa Monica, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Pokonobe Industries Inc. of Montreal.

Linatex Canada Inc. of Montreal to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Merit Rubber Ltd. of Winnipeg.

McDonald's Company (Japan) Ltd. to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Den and George Co. Ltd. of Toronto.

Raymond O'Keefe of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Reyco Canada Inc. of Grimsby, Ont. Raymond O'Keefe also to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Roberts-Gordon Appliance
 Corp. Ltd., also of Grimsby.

RES Corp. of Milwaukee to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Bev Hatch Industries Ltd. of Guelph, Ont.

Sawakyu Industries Ltd. of Japan to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Tokyo Auto Sales and Service Ltd. of Vancouver.
    b Sedgewick Group PLC of Britain to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Tomenson Inc. of Toronto, Tomenson Saunders Whitehead Inc.
 of Montreal, and Lionel Lalange et Associes Ltee of Montreal and John F.
 Sullivan Co. of Canada Ltd., Toronto.

Siebe PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Compair Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont.

Spinneys 1948 Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Eagle Flight Catering Ltd. of Vancouver.

Suncor Inc. of Toronto to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Loren H. Reed and Associates Ltd. and 283053 Alberta Ltd. of Calgary,
 consisting of certain exploration and production properties in the
 Sunnybrook area of Alberta.

Toshiba of Canada Ltd., Toronto, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Vokronix Distribution Inc. of Toronto.

Wakefield National Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Setter Bros. (Canada) Ltd. of Fort Erie, Ont.

ARCO Chemical Pan America Inc. of Philadelphia to establish a new
 business at Toronto to import and market chemicals.

Arrow International Inc. of Reading, Pa., to establish a new business
 at Toronto to sell sterilized medical kits and devices for critical care,
 diagnostic and anesthesia applications.

George Alphonso Blanco of the United States to establish a new business
 at Toronto to distribute wood-processing products.

Environmental Elements Corp. of the United States to establish a new
 business at Toronto to design, fabricate, and test systems and equipment
 for the control of air and water pollution.

Freeport-McMoran Gold Co. of Reno, Nev., to establish a new business at
 Vancouver to engage in the acquisition and exploration of mineral
 properties.

Grindsted Products Inc. of the United States to establish a new
 business at Toronto to wholesale food ingredients.

Hudson Heat Transfer International Inc. of Panama to establish a new
 business at Edmonton to market and sell air- cooled heat exchangers and
 industrial axial fans.

Interstate United Corp. of Chicago to establish a new business at
 Hamilton to distribute food-service equipment.

Mark Kraus of Birmingham, Mich., to establish a new business at Toronto
 to import, export and sell printing paper.

Kumagai Construction Ltd. of Japan to establish a new business at
 Vancouver to engage in construction and real estate development.

Kumagai Gumi Co. Ltd. of Tokyo to establish a new business at Vancouver
 to engage in construction and real estate development.

Man-Winn Inc. of Grand Forks, N.D., to establish a new business at
 Winnipeg to operate a hairdressing salon.

Roger Thomas McCormack of Britain and Sri Lanka to establish a new
 business at Ottawa to provide construction management, property
 development and contracting services.

Kevin Roosevelt Morin and Lendall Shawn Morin of the United States to
 establish a new business at Surrey, B.C., to install and erect metal form
 products.
    142430 Canada Ltd. of Houston to establish a new business at Calgary to
 provide gyroscopic downhole surveying services.

Shimizu Construction Co. Ltd. of Tokyo to establish a new business at
 Vancouver to engage in construction and engineering contracting.

Fred Sigg of Greece to establish a new business at Toronto to
 distribute watches.

Sopra France SARL, of France and Philippe Pate of Montreal to establish
 a new business at Montreal to sell Stelma self-sticking adhesives.

WNY Hospital Television Inc. of Buffalo to establish a new business in
 the Toronto area to provide television equipment to hospitals.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     March 10, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

Deadline day deals

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: Sports; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 315 words

HERE'S A LIST OF NHL TRADES MADE TUESDAY BEFORE THE 1 P.M. MST DEADLINE:

Boston acquires F Brad Boyes and D Andy Delmore from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson
and future considerations.

Buffalo acquires D Jeff Jillson and ninth-round draft pick in 2005 from San Jose
for C Curtis Brown and D Andy Delmore; acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for
F Jakub Klepis.

Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton for
D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round 2005
draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard.

Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

Dallas signed free agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from Chicago for a
fourth-round draft pick.

New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquires D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and F
Alexandre Giroux.

St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for futures.

Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Necker from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick.

Toronto acquires C Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free-agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft pick;
acquires F Martin Rucinsky from New York Rangers for D Martin Grenier and F R.J.
Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a conditional draft pick;
acquires F Sylvain Blouin from Montreal for D Rene Vydareny.

Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Journal Stock; Rangers GM Glen Sather; Photo: Journal Stock;
Capitals GM George McPhee

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 3, 1987 Friday

FOREIGN INVESTMENTS

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 1584 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
  Ten foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
Investment Canada .

Approved are plans by:
  Ahlers Herford (Canada) Ltd. of West Germany to acquire control of the
business carried on by Riviera Slacks Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures
men's and ladies' slacks.

Ausquacan Energy Ltd. of Calgary, a wholly owned subsidiary of Crusader
Ltd. of Brisbane, Australia, to acquire control of the businesses carried
on by Can-Tex Producing Ltd. of Calgary, which owns oil and gas producing
properties in Alberta, Goliad Resources Ltd. of Calgary, which owns and
operates a gas gathering system and processing plant, and Trust-Two
Resources Ltd. of Calgary, which has an interest in oil and gas production
in Alberta.

Derby International Corp. SA of Luxembourg to acquire control of the
business carried on by TI Raleigh Industries of Canada Ltd., Mississauga,
Ont., which manufactures, distributes and sells bicycles.

Ulrich Layher of West Germany to acquire control of the business
carried on by Properties Eight Hundred Ltd., known as Place 800 of
Calgary, which is a commercial real estate development.
 Lend Lease Car Corp. Inc. of Minneapolis, Minn., to acquire control of
the business carried on by Lend Lease Transportation Ltd. of Montreal,
which leases cars and vans in fleets of varying size to commercial
customers.

Mannai Properties Inc. of Montreal, wholly owned by Mannai Investment
Co. Inc. of Panama, 312894 B.C. Ltd. of Kelowna, B.C., and Capozzi
Enterprises Ltd. of Kelowna to acquire control of the business carried on
by Capozzi Enterprises Ltd., known as The Capri Hotel and Shopping Centre
of Kelowna.

Norton Co. of Worcester, Mass., to acquire control of the business
carried on by QIT-Fer et Titane Inc., consisting of its Shawinigan
division in Shawinigan, Que., which manufactures crude silicon carbide for
use in the manufacture of bonded and coated abrasive products.

Rubbermaid Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary
of Rubbermaid Inc. of Wooster, Ohio, to acquire control of the business
carried on by Setabross Inc. of Montreal, which manufactures a limited
line of brushes, and Viking Brush Inc. of Montreal, which manufactures
brushes, brooms, mops and similar products.

692119 Ontario Inc. of Lansing, Mich., to acquire control of the  business
carried on by Motor Wheel Corp. of Canada Ltd., Chatham, Ont.,  which
manufactures steel wheels and rims for passenger cars and light  trucks.

UAL Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of the businesses carried on by
Hilton Canada Inc. of Montreal, which owns, manages and operates hotels
and convention centres, and 496986 Ontario Ltd. of Toronto, which owns the
Hilton Internatinal Windsor.
  Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.
  Avemco Insurance Co. of Frederick, Md., to establish a business at
Toronto to provide liability and accidental death insurance to general
aviation aircraft owners and pilots.

Card Canda Inc. of Miami to establish a business at Toronto to promote
travel outside of Canada through advertising, on a membership basis,
hotels and services prepared to accept Canadian currency at or near U.S.
value.

Delaware State Trading Co. of Cleveland to establish a business at
Calgary to manufacture and sell explosive materials relating to seismic,
mining, construction and logging industries.

Electronic Circuits SA (Lagny sur Marne, France) to establish a
business at Hull, Que., to sell electronic circuits.

Indutech Canada Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at Calgary to
manufacture and sell industrial pipe.

Micro Data Base System Inc. of Lafayette, Ind., to establish a business
at Willowdale, Ont., to sell computer software and provide related
consulting services.

Siebco International Inc. of Houston to establish a business at Toronto
to manufacture polyurethane.

Berkeley Leisure Group Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at
Toronto to provide commercial helicopter services.

Toyo Soda Manufacturing Co. Ltd. of Japan to establish a business at
Toronto to manufacture, sell and distribute chemicals and related
products.

Acquisitions:
   Agrigenetics Corp. of Prescott, Wis., to acquire control of the
business carried on by Jacques Canada Ltd. of Niagara Falls, Ont., which
markets and sells agricultural seed products.

Alfa-Laval Ltd. of Sweden to acquire control of the business carried on
by Technicon Canada Inc., consisting of its Technicon Industrial Systems
business of Montreal, which markets and services automated analytical
systems used in food and chemical processing, petrochemicals,
biotechnology and environmental testing.

Canada Cement Lafarge Ltd. of France to acquire control of the business
carried on by Adcon Holdings Ltd. and Adcon Structures Ltd. of Abbotsford,
B.C., which manufactures concrete products.

Coca-Cola Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the business
carried on by St. Paul Beverages Ltd. of St. Paul, Alta., which bottles
and wholesales soft drink beverages.

Cutting Technologies Inc. of Cleveland to acquire control of the
business carried on by Hertel Carbide Canada Inc. of Burlington, Ont.,
which sells carbide and carbide-related cutting tools.

Dover Corp. (Canada) Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of
the business carried on by Mister Shifter Inc. of London, Ont., which
manufactures industrial washing machines.

Fulcrum II of the United States to acquire control of the business
carried on by Ladish Co. of Canada Ltd., Brantford, Ont., which
manufactures and distributes fittings and flangs for the gas, petroleum,
food, beverage and pharmaceutical industries.

Graphic Holdings Inc. of Los Angeles to acquire control of the business
carried on by Graphic Controls Canada Ltd. of Gananoque, Ont., which
manufactures industrial and medical recording charts, medical electrodes
and related products.

GUS Canada Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
on by Assaly Furniture & Carpets Inc. of Hawkesbury, Ont., which retails
furniture, appliances and home entertainment equipment.

Iolab Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
business carried on by CooperVision Inc., consisting of its pharmaceutical
product line in Markham, Ont.

Ireco Canada II Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
business carried on by Prime Explosives Manufacturing Ltd. of Calgary,
which manufactures, sells and distributes explosives and related products.

Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd. of Hong Kong to acquire control of the
business carried on by P. H. Foods Ltd. of Richmond, B.C., which is a
pizza and restaurant business.

Kaye Steel Stockholders Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
business carried on by Color Steels Inc. of Concord, Ont., which coats and
colors steel for domestic use.

Linguaphone Group PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business
carried on by Campion Publishing Inc. of Toronto which sells home-study
language training programs.

Lockheed Corp. of Calabasas, Calif., to acquire control of the
businesses carried on by Sanders Canada Inc. of Ottawa, which produces
electronics systems and products, and CalComp Sanders (Canada) Inc. of
Toronto, which distributes and services graphic systems and products.

Lynx Industries Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
business carried on by J. M. Die Ltd., consisting of its Garage Door
Hardware business in Toronto, which manufactures and distributes
industrial, commercial and residential garage door hardware.

Mayflower Group Inc. of Carmel, Ind., to acquire control of the
business carried on by Mayflower Transit Ltd. of MacDonald Moving &
Storage Co. Ltd. of Toronto, which provides general commodities
transportation services.

Paccar Inc. of Bellevue, Wash., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Trico Industries Ltd. of Edmonton, which sells and
warehouses pump equipment for the oil industry.

Revlon Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business carried on
by Max Factor Canada Inc. of Scarborough, Ont., which manufactures and
distributes cosmetics and related products.

Revlon Professional Products Inc. of the United States to acquire
control of the business carried on by Turner Hall Canada Inc., consisting
of its Fermodyl and Rilling product lines in Mississauga, Ont., which
manufactures hair care and related beauty products.

Texaco Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
business carried on by J. Aime Ferland & Fils Inc. of Granby, Que., which
distributes home heating oil.

Titan Explosives Ltd. of the United States and Canada to acquire
control of the business carried on by Prime Explosives Ltd. of Richmond,
B.C., which sells and distributes explosives and related products.

Tricil (Sarnia) Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
carried on by Envirosite Inc. of Kitchener, Ont., which is engaged in
industrial and commercial waste treatment.

Ultramar Canada Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business
carried on by Ralph & Son Fuels Ltd. of Hamilton, which retails domestic
and commercial heating fuels.

Western Explosives Ltd. of the United States and Canada to acquire
control of the business carried on by Prime Explosives Ltd. of Calgary,
which sells and distributes explosives and related products.

Western Explosives Ltd. of the United States and Canada to acquire
control of the business carried on by Prime Explosives Manufacturing Ltd.
of Calgary, which manufactures, sells and distributes explosives and
related products.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                     ET Net

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Sunac (01918) to buy 24.3% stake in Greentown China (03900)

LENGTH: 249  words


[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

[ET Net News Agency, 23 May 2014]  Sunac China (01918) said it agreed to acquire
24.313%

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 1597


                         Copyright 2014 ET Net Limited
               Provided by Syndigate.info,an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 July 23, 2012

                          Black Range Minerals Limited

                                      6005
                                   Australia

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Black Range Minerals To Acquire Interest In Hansen Uranium Deposit From STB
Minerals

   Date: 5/24/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Black Range Minerals Limited, an Australian-based uranium company, received
approval from the Fremont County's Board of commissioners to incorporate the
Hansen uranium deposit into its current permit that allows Black Range to
conduct exploration at its Taylor Ranch Uranium Project in Colorado, USA. Black
Range holds an option to acquire a 49% interest in the Hansen Uranium Deposit
and has the exclusive right to acquire the remaining 51% interest.

Earlier on July 7, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a 100%
interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals LLC, a
company that controls certain mineral rights related to the Hansen uranium
deposit.

Under the agreement, Black Range paid $0.5 million for the exclusive rights to
acquire an option over STB Minerals interest in Hansen uranium deposit. Upon
execution of the agreement Black Range shall pay $1 million and issue $2.5
million worth shares of Black Range, of which 50% of the shares shall be
escrowed for six months from the date of their issue. In addition, STB shall
grant Black Range an option to acquire STB's mineral interest in the Hansen
Uranium Deposit at any time until August 6, 2013. In order to exercise its
option to acquire STB's mineral interest, Black Range shall pay STB a further $2
million and issue $7.5 million worth shares in Black Range.

Black Range expects that the consensus reached with STB Minerals will allow it
to advance Taylor Ranch and Hansen Uranium Projects towards production.

Deal history

Update: On November 25, 2010, Black Range received approval from the Fremont
County's Board of Commissioners to incorporate the Hansen uranium deposit.

Announced: On May 24, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a
100% interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals.


Black Range Minerals To Acquire Hansen Uranium Deposit From NZ Minerals

   Date: 7/1/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Black Range Minerals Limited, an Australian-based uranium company, received
approval from the Fremont County's Board of commissioners to incorporate the
Hansen uranium deposit into its current permit that allows Black Range to
conduct exploration at its Taylor Ranch Uranium Project in Colorado, USA. Black
Range holds an option to acquire a 49% interest in the Hansen Uranium Deposit
and has the exclusive right to acquire the remaining 51% interest.

Earlier on July 7, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a 100%
interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals LLC, a
company that controls certain mineral rights related to the Hansen uranium
deposit.

Under the agreement, Black Range paid $0.5 million for the exclusive rights to
acquire an option over STB Minerals interest in Hansen uranium deposit. Upon
execution of the agreement Black Range shall pay $1 million and issue $2.5
million worth shares of Black Range, of which 50% of the shares shall be
escrowed for six months from the date of their issue. In addition, STB shall
grant Black Range an option to acquire STB's mineral interest in the Hansen
Uranium Deposit at any time until August 6, 2013. In order to exercise its
option to acquire STB's mineral interest, Black Range shall pay STB a further $2
million and issue $7.5 million worth shares in Black Range.

Black Range expects that the consensus reached with STB Minerals will allow it
to advance Taylor Ranch and Hansen Uranium Projects towards production.

Deal history

Update: On November 25, 2010, Black Range received approval from the Fremont
County's Board of Commissioners to incorporate the Hansen uranium deposit.

Announced: On May 24, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a
100% interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals.


Black Range Minerals To Form Joint Venture With Uranium One

   Date: 1/2/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Black Range Minerals Limited, an Australian-based uranium company, received
approval from the Fremont County's Board of commissioners to incorporate the
Hansen uranium deposit into its current permit that allows Black Range to
conduct exploration at its Taylor Ranch Uranium Project in Colorado, USA. Black
Range holds an option to acquire a 49% interest in the Hansen Uranium Deposit
and has the exclusive right to acquire the remaining 51% interest.

Earlier on July 7, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a 100%
interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals LLC, a
company that controls certain mineral rights related to the Hansen uranium
deposit.

Under the agreement, Black Range paid $0.5 million for the exclusive rights to
acquire an option over STB Minerals interest in Hansen uranium deposit. Upon
execution of the agreement Black Range shall pay $1 million and issue $2.5
million worth shares of Black Range, of which 50% of the shares shall be
escrowed for six months from the date of their issue. In addition, STB shall
grant Black Range an option to acquire STB's mineral interest in the Hansen
Uranium Deposit at any time until August 6, 2013. In order to exercise its
option to acquire STB's mineral interest, Black Range shall pay STB a further $2
million and issue $7.5 million worth shares in Black Range.

Black Range expects that the consensus reached with STB Minerals will allow it
to advance Taylor Ranch and Hansen Uranium Projects towards production.

Deal history

Update: On November 25, 2010, Black Range received approval from the Fremont
County's Board of Commissioners to incorporate the Hansen uranium deposit.

Announced: On May 24, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a
100% interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals.


Black Range Completes Private Placement For $14 Million

   Date: 5/16/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Black Range Minerals Limited, an Australian-based uranium company, received
approval from the Fremont County's Board of commissioners to incorporate the
Hansen uranium deposit into its current permit that allows Black Range to
conduct exploration at its Taylor Ranch Uranium Project in Colorado, USA. Black
Range holds an option to acquire a 49% interest in the Hansen Uranium Deposit
and has the exclusive right to acquire the remaining 51% interest.

Earlier on July 7, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a 100%
interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals LLC, a
company that controls certain mineral rights related to the Hansen uranium
deposit.

Under the agreement, Black Range paid $0.5 million for the exclusive rights to
acquire an option over STB Minerals interest in Hansen uranium deposit. Upon
execution of the agreement Black Range shall pay $1 million and issue $2.5
million worth shares of Black Range, of which 50% of the shares shall be
escrowed for six months from the date of their issue. In addition, STB shall
grant Black Range an option to acquire STB's mineral interest in the Hansen
Uranium Deposit at any time until August 6, 2013. In order to exercise its
option to acquire STB's mineral interest, Black Range shall pay STB a further $2
million and issue $7.5 million worth shares in Black Range.

Black Range expects that the consensus reached with STB Minerals will allow it
to advance Taylor Ranch and Hansen Uranium Projects towards production.

Deal history

Update: On November 25, 2010, Black Range received approval from the Fremont
County's Board of Commissioners to incorporate the Hansen uranium deposit.

Announced: On May 24, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a
100% interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals.


Black Range Acquires Taylor Ranch Uranium Project

   Date: 11/27/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Black Range Minerals Limited, an Australian-based uranium company, received
approval from the Fremont County's Board of commissioners to incorporate the
Hansen uranium deposit into its current permit that allows Black Range to
conduct exploration at its Taylor Ranch Uranium Project in Colorado, USA. Black
Range holds an option to acquire a 49% interest in the Hansen Uranium Deposit
and has the exclusive right to acquire the remaining 51% interest.

Earlier on July 7, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a 100%
interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals LLC, a
company that controls certain mineral rights related to the Hansen uranium
deposit.

Under the agreement, Black Range paid $0.5 million for the exclusive rights to
acquire an option over STB Minerals interest in Hansen uranium deposit. Upon
execution of the agreement Black Range shall pay $1 million and issue $2.5
million worth shares of Black Range, of which 50% of the shares shall be
escrowed for six months from the date of their issue. In addition, STB shall
grant Black Range an option to acquire STB's mineral interest in the Hansen
Uranium Deposit at any time until August 6, 2013. In order to exercise its
option to acquire STB's mineral interest, Black Range shall pay STB a further $2
million and issue $7.5 million worth shares in Black Range.

Black Range expects that the consensus reached with STB Minerals will allow it
to advance Taylor Ranch and Hansen Uranium Projects towards production.

Deal history

Update: On November 25, 2010, Black Range received approval from the Fremont
County's Board of Commissioners to incorporate the Hansen uranium deposit.

Announced: On May 24, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a
100% interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals.


Black Range Completes Private Placement For $0.22 Million

   Date: 9/1/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Black Range Minerals Limited, an Australian-based uranium company, received
approval from the Fremont County's Board of commissioners to incorporate the
Hansen uranium deposit into its current permit that allows Black Range to
conduct exploration at its Taylor Ranch Uranium Project in Colorado, USA. Black
Range holds an option to acquire a 49% interest in the Hansen Uranium Deposit
and has the exclusive right to acquire the remaining 51% interest.

Earlier on July 7, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a 100%
interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals LLC, a
company that controls certain mineral rights related to the Hansen uranium
deposit.

Under the agreement, Black Range paid $0.5 million for the exclusive rights to
acquire an option over STB Minerals interest in Hansen uranium deposit. Upon
execution of the agreement Black Range shall pay $1 million and issue $2.5
million worth shares of Black Range, of which 50% of the shares shall be
escrowed for six months from the date of their issue. In addition, STB shall
grant Black Range an option to acquire STB's mineral interest in the Hansen
Uranium Deposit at any time until August 6, 2013. In order to exercise its
option to acquire STB's mineral interest, Black Range shall pay STB a further $2
million and issue $7.5 million worth shares in Black Range.

Black Range expects that the consensus reached with STB Minerals will allow it
to advance Taylor Ranch and Hansen Uranium Projects towards production.

Deal history

Update: On November 25, 2010, Black Range received approval from the Fremont
County's Board of Commissioners to incorporate the Hansen uranium deposit.

Announced: On May 24, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a
100% interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals.


Uranerz Energy Signs Joint Venture Agreement With Black Range Minerals

   Date: 6/19/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Black Range Minerals Limited, an Australian-based uranium company, received
approval from the Fremont County's Board of commissioners to incorporate the
Hansen uranium deposit into its current permit that allows Black Range to
conduct exploration at its Taylor Ranch Uranium Project in Colorado, USA. Black
Range holds an option to acquire a 49% interest in the Hansen Uranium Deposit
and has the exclusive right to acquire the remaining 51% interest.

Earlier on July 7, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a 100%
interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals LLC, a
company that controls certain mineral rights related to the Hansen uranium
deposit.

Under the agreement, Black Range paid $0.5 million for the exclusive rights to
acquire an option over STB Minerals interest in Hansen uranium deposit. Upon
execution of the agreement Black Range shall pay $1 million and issue $2.5
million worth shares of Black Range, of which 50% of the shares shall be
escrowed for six months from the date of their issue. In addition, STB shall
grant Black Range an option to acquire STB's mineral interest in the Hansen
Uranium Deposit at any time until August 6, 2013. In order to exercise its
option to acquire STB's mineral interest, Black Range shall pay STB a further $2
million and issue $7.5 million worth shares in Black Range.

Black Range expects that the consensus reached with STB Minerals will allow it
to advance Taylor Ranch and Hansen Uranium Projects towards production.

Deal history

Update: On November 25, 2010, Black Range received approval from the Fremont
County's Board of Commissioners to incorporate the Hansen uranium deposit.

Announced: On May 24, 2010, Black Range secured exclusive rights to acquire a
100% interest in the Hansen uranium deposit in Colorado from STB Minerals.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *



                                        Investments




 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012


                              29 of 995 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2010 Global Markets Direct, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      Global Markets Direct - Investments

                                 March 22, 2010

                                Somerfield Group

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Kavanagh Group to acquire Somerfield stores

   Date: Jul 12, 2009

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Midlands Co-operative acquires four Somerfield stores

   Date: Apr 29, 2009

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Co-operative Group acquires Somerfield for $2,240 million

   Date: Mar 02, 2009

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Tesco acquires six stores from Somerfield

   Date: Feb 18, 2009

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Howard Holdings acquires Kwik Save Group from Somerfield

   Date: Feb 03, 2007

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Sainsbury acquires five stores from Somerfield

   Date: Sep 26, 2006

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Violet Acquisitions acquires Somerfield for $1,792 million

   Date: Dec 20, 2005

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Somerfield and Azure acquires 115 stores from Texaco

   Date: Jun 21, 2005

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Somerfield acquires 22 forecourt convenience stores from Fuelforce

   Date: May 06, 2005

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.


Somerfield acquires 63 stores from Morrison

   Date: Apr 21, 2005

   The Kavanagh Group, a supermarket chain in Ireland, to acquire two stores in
England from, Somerfield PLC, a United Kingdom based food retailer and
supermarket stores.

After this acquisition, Kavanagh will increase its stores from fifteen to
seventeen stores.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010


                              30 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       April 20, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Real Estate Crowdfunding Site Launches First Liquidity Tool of Its Kind

LENGTH: 590  words


April 20 -- Acquire Real Estate has become the first real estate crowdfunding
site to create an exchange that offers investors a tool to put their equity
interests up for re-sale, affording them possible liquidity with what are
traditionally long term, illiquid investments.

Accredited investors or their advisors can access the Acquire Exchange here:
https://www.acquirerealestate.com/exchange.

"The Acquire Exchange addresses the biggest concern that any real estate
investor has: the issue of illiquidity. With our new exchange, we hope to help
alleviate that concern," said Steven Bettinger, CEO of Acquire.

Acquire has joined the growing momentum behind crowd investing, a variation of
typical crowdfunding, with the only platform founded completely by real estate
executives. With this groundbreaking platform that opens up
institutional-quality real estate investments to accredited investors, Acquire
has launched proprietary technology that allows the exchange process to unfold
quickly, efficiently and without the inconveniences usually associated with such
transfers of assets.

"We cultivate relationships with some of the best sponsors in the country, and
subject each of our deals to a rigorous due diligence with our panel of
experts," Mr. Bettinger added. "But we know that despite the quality of any
deal, some investors may experience unforeseen life events that create a need
for liquidity."

Federal law generally requires that privately placed investments not be
purchased with a view to a distribution. That usually means the investment must
be held for at least a year. But after the one-year period or in certain special
instances, such as a sudden financial hardship, there is no market that enables
the investor liquidity. The Acquire Exchange provides the opportunity for
liquidity among the "Acquire Crowd," the Acquire registered users. The
liquidity, of course, is dependent on the successful sale of the investment
through the auction.

If an investor, for instance, requires liquidity the investor can use the
exchange to put all or part of an Acquire investment up for sale to the Acquire
Crowd, through a live, blind auction. They specify the terms, including the
start and end times, provide certain current information concerning the
investment and the Acquire Crowd does the rest by bidding or not bidding based
on the terms proposed. Thus, the liquidity is entirely dependent on the
successful sale through the auction process.

"We have developed an exchange that not only allows investors to seek liquidity,
but to do so through our in-house technology that automates the entire process.
That means a seamless coordination of the online transfer process for both the
buyer and seller to replace what has previously been a manual, time-intensive
transaction," said Mr. Bettinger. "All investors need to do is simply review the
documents and sign in several places to effect the transfer, and they can
potentially complete the sale in a timely and efficient manner."

The Acquire Exchange is being made available only to the Acquire Crowd to
improve their overall experience. Acquire receives no compensation and does not
buy, sell, value, advise or recommend any investment offered for sale on the
Acquire Exchange. The entire transaction takes place between the seller and the
Acquire Crowd, using the Acquire Exchange as a tool to facilitate the process.

For media inquiries, or to request a demonstration, please contact Marc
Weinstein, JCPR, at (973) 850-7304 or mweinstein@jcprinc.com

Source: Acquire Real Estate

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 13, 1986 Thursday

Investment Canada approves 5 proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 1318 words


Approved are plans by:

Barque Investments Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Stichting
 Bedrijfspensioenfonds Voor De Koopvaardij and VIB NV of the Netherlands,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Qualico Developments Ltd.
 and First Edmonton Place Commercial Centre Ltd., consisting of the
 commercial building known as First Edmonton Place in Edmonton, which owns,
 operates, manages and leases a commercial retail and office building.

Baxter Travenol Laboratories Inc. of Deerfield, Ill., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by American Hospital Supply Canada Inc.
 of Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures health-care products such as
 surgical dressings, disposable plastic devices and respiratory therapy and
 anesthesia products.

Chappell & Co. Inc. of New York to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Chappell Music Canada Ltd. and Edwin H. Morris (Canada) Ltd.
 of Toronto, which are involved in the music publishing business and
 Intersong Belinda Canada Ltd. of Toronto, an inactive company.

International Minerals & Chemicals Corp. of Northbrook, Ill., to
 acquire control of the businesses carried on by Mallinckrodt Canada Inc.
 of Pointe Claire, Que., which manufactures soluble X-ray contrast media
 and chemicals, distributes diagnostic radiopharmaceuticals, health care
 products, drug and cosmetic chemicals and fragrances, and Fries & Fries
 Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which distributes flavors, flavor
 enhancers and meat savory ingredients to the food, beverage and
 pharmaceutical industries.

Southmark Corp. of Dallas, Tex., to acquire Wosk's Ltd., consisting of
 its Sheraton Landmark Hotel, Sheraton Plaza 500 Hotel and Sheraton Villa
 Inn, all of Vancouver.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

American & Efird Mills Inc. of Mount Holly, N.C., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by American Eastern Threads of Canada, Montreal,
 which manufactures and distributes industrial theads.

Auscan Closures Canada Inc./Capsules Auscan Canada Inc. of Australia to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Continental Can Canada Inc.,
 consisting of its Crown Seal Division in Ville La Salle, Que., which
 manufactures closures for bottles.

Aviotex Inc. of Costa Mesa, Calif., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Meteorological & Environmental Planning Ltd., consisting of
 its World Weatherwatch division in Markham, Ont., which provides weather
 information to agricultural aviation and government users.

Bow River Pipe Lines Ltd., United States, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Dome Petroleum Ltd., consisting of its Plato
 Pipeline System in Calgary, which gathers and transports crude oil to the
 existing pipeline system of Bow River Pipe Lines Ltd.

Carlton Cards Ltd., United States, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Scribbles For Paper Inc. of Hamilton, which operates a
 retail greeting card business.

Compaq Canada Inc., United States, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Micro-Lewis Corp. of Toronto, which provides information
 services and staff training courses to Compaq computer dealers.

Corvus Systems Inc. of San Jose, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Lehman Computer Group Inc. of Richmond Hill, Ont.,
 which sells computer equipment.

Estech Branded Fertilizers Inc. of Fairview Heights, Ill., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Vigoro Inc. of Toronto, which
 manufactures and sells fertilizers, plant foods and related products.

Federal-Mogul Corp. of Southfield, Mich., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Carter Automotive Canada Ltd. of Bramalea, Ont.,
 which manufactures and distributes fuel, colling and electrical system
 components for the automotive market.

Lorimar Inc. of Culver City, Calif., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Bozell, Jacobs, Kenyon & Eckhardt Inc. of Montreal and
 Toronto, which is an advertising and public relations firm.

Microwave Techniques of Raymond, Me., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by E. S. Stephenson & Co. Ltd. of Saint John, which
 operates a precision machine shop.

Motorola Ltd., United States, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by M. H. Design Electronics and Communications Ltd., consisting
 of its Direct Communications business in Barrie, Ont.

Pansophic Systems of Canada Ltd., United States, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by D-Pict Acquisition Co. Ltd. of North York,
 Ont., which is engaged in computer software licencing.

Jorge Aragon Rebora of Mexico to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Progressive Manufacturing Ltd. of New Westminster, B.C.,
 which manufactures incandescent lighting fixtures and fireplace screens.

Sargent of Canada Ltd., United States, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Kidde Canada Ltd., consisting of its Sargent
 division in Peterborough, Ont., which manufactures and sells architectural
 door handles, locks, hand tools and related products.

Scandiaconsult AB of Sweden to acquire control of the business carried
 on by LKAB International Canada Inc. of Toronto, which offers mine
 transportation consulting services and sells related equipment and
 technology.

SKF Canada Ltd. of Sweden to acquire control of the business carried on
 by McQuay-Norris Ltd. of Toronto, which sells and distributes automotive
 parts.

Trexlertown Properties Inc. of Allentown, Pa., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Kautex of Canada Inc. of Windsor, Ont., which
 manufactures plastic automotive parts.

Tricil Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by 321589 Alberta Ltd., known as Fort Mac Waste Removal of Grande Prairie,
 Alta., which is engaged in the collecting, transporting and disposing of
 solid waste.

United Tote Inc. of Shepherd, Mont., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by S. H. W. Totalisator Canada Ltd. of Winnipeg, which markets
 and leases tote systems to race tracks.

Xerox Canada Finance Inc. of North York to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Silverinvest Inc. of Toronto, which is an
 investment holding company.

New businesses:

A. C. Express Inc., United States, to establish a business at
 Mississauga to provide air freight forwarding services.

American Fittings Corp. of Houston to establish a business in Toronto
 to manufacture and/or distribute pipe fittings, flanges, valves and
 related products.

Carrier Vibrating Equipment Inc. of Louisville, Ky., to establish a
 business in Newmarket, Ont., to sell, design and manufacture bulk material
 handling equipment.

Chief Automotive Systems Inc. of Grand Island, Neb., to establish a
 business at Toronto to import and distribute auto repair equipment.

Emulex Corp. of Costa Mesa, Calif., to establish a business in
 Mississauga to sell computer peripherals.

European Dental Ltd. of Finland to establish a business at Timmins,
 Ont., to import clothing from Finland.

Fiberglas Canada Inc., United States, to establish a business at
 Toronto to offer computer related consulting services.

Pike Corp. of Blue Springs, Mo., to establish a business at Mississauga
 to manufacture and sell pressure relief products and fire suppressing
 systems.

GMFanuc Robotics Corp. of Troy, Mich., to establish a business at
 Mississauga to sell and service robotic equipment.

LeMans Corp. of Edgerton, Wis., to establish a business at Mississauga
 to distribute motorcycle and automobile parts.

Robert Bosch Inc. of Mississauga to establish a business at Mississauga
 to distribute telecommunications products, and to establish another
 business in Mississauga to distribute plumbing and heating products.

Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co. Ltd. of Japan to establish a
 business at Willowdale, Ont., to provide general insurance services.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

NHL trading deadline day: 35 players on move in 16 deals

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 338  words


A total of 16 trades involving 35 players were made on Monday by the time the
NHL's trade deadline expired.

Los Angeles Kings acquire forward Dustin Penner from Edmonton Oilers for
defenceman prospect Colten Teubert, 2011 first round pick, 2012 conditional
second round pick. Washington Capitals acquire forward Jason Arnott from New
Jersey Devils for forward David Steckel.

Atlanta Thrashers acquire forward Radek Dvorak and 2011 fifth round draft pick
from the Florida Panthers for forwards Niclas Bergfors and Patrick Rissmiller.

Washington Capitals acquire defenceman Dennis Wideman from Florida for forward
Jake Hauswirth and a 2011 third round draft pick.

Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Rostislav Klesla and forward Dane Byers from
Columbus Blue Jackets for forward Scottie Upshall and defenceman Sami Lepisto.

Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Kevin Montgomery from Colorado Avalanche for
defenceman Shawn Belle.

Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenseman Chris Campoli and conditional seventh
round pick from Ottawa Senators for forward Ryan Potulny and second round pick.

Carolina Hurricanes acquire defenceman Bryan Allen from Florida Panthers for
forward Sergei Samsonov.

Anaheim Ducks acquire forward Brad Winchester from St. Louis Blues for a third
round pick.

New York Rangers acquire John Mitchell from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a
seventh round pick.

Vancouver Canucks acquire forward Christopher Higgins from the Florida Panthers
for defenceman Evan Oberg, third round pick.

Calgary Flames acquire forward Fredrik Modin from the Atlanta Thrashers for a
seventh round pick.

New York Rangers acquire forward Tom Sestito from Columbus Blue Jackets for
forward Greg Moore, forward Michael Chaput.

Vancouver Canucks acquire forward Maxim Lapierre from Anaheim Ducks for forward
Joel Perrault, third round pick.

Canadiens acquire goaltender Drew MacIntyre from Atlanta Thrashers for
defenceman Brett Festerling.

Boston Bruins acquire goaltender Anton Khudobin from Minnesota Wild for
defenceman Jeff Penner, forward Mikko Lehtonen.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

NHL trading deadline day: 35 players on move in 16 deals

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 337  words


A total of 16 trades involving 35 players were made on Monday by the time the

NHL's trade deadline expired. Los Angeles Kings acquire forward Dustin Penner
from Edmonton Oilers for defenceman prospect Colten Teubert, 2011 first round
pick, 2012 conditional second-round pick. Washington Capitals acquire forward
Jason Arnott from New Jersey Devils for forward David Steckel.

Atlanta Thrashers acquire forward Radek Dvorak and 2011 fifth round draft pick
from the Florida Panthers for forwards Niclas Bergfors and Patrick Rissmiller.

Washington Capitals acquire defenceman Dennis Wideman from Florida for forward
Jake Hauswirth and a 2011 thirdround draft pick.

Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Rostislav Klesla and forward Dane Byers from
Columbus Blue Jackets for forward Scottie Upshall and defenceman Sami Lepisto.

Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Kevin Montgomery from Colorado Avalanche for
defenceman Shawn Belle.

Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Chris Campoli and conditional
seventh-round pick from Ottawa Senators for forward Ryan Potulny and
second-round pick.

Carolina Hurricanes acquire defenceman Bryan Allen from Florida Panthers for
forward Sergei Samsonov.

Anaheim Ducks acquire forward Brad Winchester from St. Louis Blues for a
third-round pick.

New York Rangers acquire John Mitchell from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a
seventhround pick.

Vancouver Canucks acquire forward Christopher Higgins from the Florida Panthers
for defenceman Evan Oberg, third-round pick.

Calgary Flames acquire forward Fredrik Modin from the Atlanta Thrashers for a
seventh-round pick.

New York Rangers acquire forward Tom Sestito from Columbus Blue Jackets for
forward Greg Moore, forward Michael Chaput.

Vancouver Canucks acquire forward Maxim Lapierre from Anaheim Ducks for forward
Joel Perrault, third-round pick.

Canadiens acquire goaltender Drew MacIntyre from Atlanta Thrashers for
defenceman Brett Festerling.

Boston Bruins acquire goaltender Anton Khudobin from Minnesota Wild for
defenceman Jeff Penner, forward Mikko Lehtonen.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                             April 23, 2002 Tuesday

Low cost and realism keys to Acquire's computing success

BYLINE: By PETER GRIFFIN

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 493 words


E-tailing on the smell of an oily rag is the formula for web start-ups looking
to trade their way through the tech doldrums, according to e-procurement company
Acquire.

Acquire offers an e-procurement service through its website for businesses
looking to buy computer hardware and software.

It also has a growing number of consumers making purchases of everything from
printer cartridges through to servers online.

The director of supply chains, Simon Scott, said Acquire was formed in April
last year and was turning a profit because it had not succumbed to
over-expansion, kept costs low and set realistic goals.

"Turnover in March was more than $300,000.

"Not bad for two guys with computers sitting in a house."

The Acquire business works by combining several suppliers' inventory on the one
site.

Inventory information is downloaded from the suppliers every day and goods, once
bought, are sent directly from the suppliers - meaning Acquire does not have to
hold or handle any stock.

Scott said Acquire's marketing expenses so far had come to $2000, with
word-of-mouth being the most effective generator of traffic to the website.

Clive Glover, Acquire's founding investor, continued to provide consultancy
services to the company but had ceased investing new money in Acquire some time
ago.

Glover said Acquire was finding that large computer and IT vendors were looking
for players with strong e-tailing strategies when picking channel partners.

Acquire was now looking to license its proprietary e-procurement system to other
companies wanting to manage a large number of product categories online, but not
willing to pay for expensive e-procurement systems from major players like
Ariba.

Legal action with Acquire's arch-rival Supplyzone was well behind the company,
said Glover.

The two companies engaged in a brief legal spat when Scott and Kelly Raines,
Acquire's director of e-commerce, became involved in the business. Both former
Supplyzone employees, they were accused of copying aspects of the Supplyzone
model and going after its customers.

"[Acquire] deliberately stayed away from [Supplyzone] clients," said Glover.

"The judge said the restraint of trade was only good for two months anyway. "The
whole thing got chucked out [of court] in its entirety."

Supplyzone stopped trading last month and continued to look for an injection of
funds that will allow its revival.

According to managing director Neil Taylor, Supplyzone ran into cashflow
difficulties when its bank, which did not have a debenture over the e-tailer,
cut off its overdraft without warning.

The company, which set up shop in October 2000, had been aiming for sales of
around $4 million in its first year.

Glover said Acquire's next strategic move was looking to partner a similar
organisation to establish in Australia, a market he said was wide open in the
area in which Acquire operated.

http://www.acquire.co.nz Acquire

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2002 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              35 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     March 24, 1999 Wednesday Final Edition

Wings reload for Cup run: Detroit picks up veterans Chelios, Samuelsson, Clark
and Ranford

SOURCE: Torstar News Service

BYLINE: Ken Campbell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 1630 words


If the Detroit Red Wings succeed in becoming the sixth team in NHL history to
win three consecutive Stanley Cups, they'll certainly be able to enjoy the
party.

After all, it's not like they'll have to worry about showing up for the entry
draft or anything.

The Red Wings injected a motherlode of intrigue and excitement into what would
have otherwise been a dull trade deadline day when they made three blockbuster
trades to acquire four veteran players yesterday. But in doing so, they added to
the league's highest payroll and mortgaged their long-term future for immediate
glory, going from having five picks in the first three rounds of the 1999 draft
to having none.

The official count was 21 trades involving 30 players, which was two more deals
than last year's record-breaking year, but eight players short of the 1998 mark.
But this year's deadline will be remembered as the year the Red Wings boldly
acquired a future hall of famer in Chris Chelios, an aging warrior in Wendel
Clark and a nasty blueline presence in Ulf Samuelsson.

They also picked up veteran goalie Bill Ranford from the Tampa Bay Lightning for
future considerations.

Without a doubt, the Red Wings have served notice they are intent on keeping the
Stanley Cup and if that means they can repeatedly hit the snooze button on draft
day, then so be it.

"We just felt it was a move we had to make," Red Wings' GM Ken Holland said of
the Chelios' deal, in which he gave up first-round picks in 1999 and 2001, as
well as young defenceman Anders Eriksson. "He's one of the premier defencemen in
the league."

The Philadelphia Flyers had doggedly pursued the Chelios, 37, a three-time
Norris Trophy winner, but it was thought that he had a handshake agreement with
Blackhawks' owner Bill Wirtz that made him a Hawk for the rest of his career.

Evidently, there was a change of heart.

"Chelios requested a trade a couple of days ago," said Blackhawks' GM Bob
Murray.

"We made a commitment to Chris Chelios that we would not trade him unless he
requested a trade. We told Chris that we would try to accommodate his request
and we did.

"We respect Chris Chelios and appreciate everything he has done for the Chicago
Blackhawks. We wish him nothing but the best."

In the trade for Samuelsson, the Wings gave up their second-round pick from this
year and the third-round pick they had acquired from the New York Rangers for
Mike Knuble. Clark was acquired for third goalie Kevin Hodson and the
second-round pick in 1999 they acquired from the San Jose Sharks for Mike
Vernon.

The Red Wings had already traded their own third-round pick to the Nashville
Predators to get Doug Brown back, meaning they won't be selecting any players in
this year's draft until the fourth round at the earliest.

That means that based on the NHL standings going into last night's games, the
Red Wings wouldn't have a selection in the draft until the 103rd pick.

But the Red Wings expect to be basking in the glow of, if not a Stanley Cup,
then a long playoff run when the NHL holds its draft June 26 in Boston. And the
fact is they only gave up one player off their roster.

"We understand that there's going to come a time when we wake up and say, 'Wow,
we've got some holes," Holland said. "We could have gone status quo, but the way
we were playing, it didn't look like (a Cup) was going to happen. And it's not
like we've put all our eggs in one basket for this year. We expect Chris Chelios
to have an impact for two more years and we expect Wendel Clark to be on our
team next year."

Besides, the Red Wings feel they have enough youth to carry them through the
lean times. Their feeling is defence prospect Jiri Fischer, who was recently
ranked by The Hockey News as the eighth-best prospect outside the NHL, is better
than Eriksson and they have youthful rearguards in Jesse Wallin, Aaron Ward and
Mathieu Dandenault. Up front, with the exception of Steve Yzerman and Igor
Larionov, they have some decent youth as well.

And they've also added to their payroll. Although their obligation to Samuelsson
is no more than two more paycheques this season, they gave Chelios a two-year
extension at $11 million and will pick up a majority of Ranford's $3.1 million
salary for next season. They also have the option to pick up Clark's $1.8
million next season.

In all, nine players who will be unrestricted free agents were dealt at the
deadline. The Maple Leafs were relatively quiet, however, making two minor
deals.

"The trade deadline has become not just rent-a-player but buy-a-player," said
Leafs' associate GM Mike Smith. "Clearly, some teams believe they have a chance
to win the Cup. Some teams have a tendency to (load up). We're certainly not in
that category yet."

HAMILTON CONNECTION

KANATA, ONT.: SENS MISS OUT ON TREVOR LINDEN BUT ACQUIRE NELSON EMERSON

Having failed in his bid to acquire centre Trevor Linden from the New York
Islanders, Senators' general manager Rick Dudley opted for right winger Nelson
Emerson instead.

Dudley dealt right winger Chris Murray to the Chicago Blackhawks for the
Hamilton-born Emerson just prior to yesterday's 3 p.m. trading deadline.

It was Dudley's second deal in three days after he acquired Ted Donato from the
Islanders over the weekend.

Emerson started the season with Carolina before being dealt to Chicago for
defenceman Paul Coffey on Dec. 29.

In 62 games this season, he had 12 goals and 35 points to go along with 49
penalty minutes.

"I'm excited to be heading into the playoffs with a team like Ottawa. I think
this is great," Emerson said.

The 31-year-old will be an unrestricted free agent this summer and is on the
injured reserve list with a separated shoulder, suffered in a game against St.
Louis in late February.

THE TRADES

Anaheim Mighty Ducks acquire centre Peter Zezel from the Vancouver Canucks for
future considerations.

Buffalo Sabres acquire centre Joe Juneau and a third-round draft pick from the
Washington Capitals for defenceman Alexei Tezikov; acquire defenceman Rhett
Warrener and a '99 fifth-round draft pick from the Florida Panthers for
defenceman Mike Wilson; acquire a second-round '99 draft pick from the Dallas
Stars for centre Derek Plante.

Colorado Avalanche acquire centre Dale Hunter and a 2000 third-round draft pick
from the Washington Capitals for a '99 or 2000 second-round draft pick. Acquire
defenceman Sami Helenius for future considerations.

Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Anders Eriksson and '99 and 2001
first-round draft picks from the Detroit Red Wings for defenceman Chris Chelios;
acquire right-winger Chris Murray from the Ottawa Senators for right-winger
Nelson Emerson.

Dallas Stars acquire centre Derek Plante from the Buffalo Sabres for a
second-round '99 draft pick.

Detroit Red Wings acquire left-winger Wendel Clark and sixth-round pick in 1999
draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goalie Kevin Hodson and a '99
second-round pick; acquire goaltender Bill Ranford from Tampa Bay for a
conditional draft pick; acquire defenceman Chris Chelios from the Chicago
Blackhawks for defenceman Anders Eriksson and '99 and 2001 first-round draft
picks; acquire defenceman Ulf Samuelsson from the New York Rangers for '99
second-round pick and 2000 third-round pick.

Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Jason Smith from the Toronto Maple Leafs for
a '99 fourth-round pick and a 2000 second-round selection; acquire left-winger
Vladimir Vorobiev from the New York Rangers for right-winger Kevin Brown.

Montreal Canadiens acquire a '99 fifth-round draft pick and a conditional 2000
(first or second-round) pick from the San Jose Sharks for centre Vincent
Damphousse; acquire centre J-F Jomphe from the Phoenix Coyotes for future
considerations.

New York Rangers acquire defenceman Chris O'Sullivan from the Calgary Flames for
defenceman Lee Sorochan; acquire '99 second-round pick and 2000 third-round
draft pick from the Detroit Red Wings for defenceman Ulf Samuelsson; acquire
defenceman Jason Doig and a '99 sixth-round draft pick from the Phoenix Coyotes
for defenceman Stan Neckar.

Ottawa Senators acquire right-winger Nelson Emerson from the Chicago Blackhawks
for right-winger Chris Murray.

Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Steve Duchesne from the Los Angeles Kings
for defenceman Dave Babych and a 2000 fifth-round pick; acquire forward Craig
Berube from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.

Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Stan Neckar from the New York Rangers for
defenceman Jason Doig and a '99 sixth-round draft pick.

San Jose Sharks acquire right-winger Greg Pankewiecz from the Calgary Flames for
future considerations; acquire centre Vincent Damphousse from the Montreal
Canadiens for '99 fifth-round draft pick and a 2000 second-round selection.

St. Louis Blues acquire left-winger Blair Atcheynum from the Nashville Predators
for a sixth-round pick in the 2000 NHL entry draft.

Tampa Bay Lightning acquire goalie Kevin Hodson and a '99 second-round pick from
the Detroit Red Wings for left-winger Wendel Clark and a '99 sixth-round pick;
acquire a conditional draft pick from Detroit for goaltender Bill Ranford. Trade
defenceman Sami Helenius to Colorado Avalanche for future considerations.

Toronto Maple Leafs acquire centre Yanic Perreault from the Los Angeles Kings
for forward Jason Podollan and a '99 third-round draft pick; acquire '99 second-
and fourth-round draft picks from the Edmonton Oilers for defenceman Jason
Smith.

Washington Capitals acquire defenceman Alexei Tezikov and future considerations
from the Buffalo Sabres for centre Joe Juneau and a '99 third-round draft pick;
acquire a '99 second-round draft pick from the Colorado Avalanche for centre
Dale Hunter and a 2000 third-round draft pick.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Samuelsson Colour Photo: Podollan Colour Photo: Hunter
Colour Photo: Clark Colour Photo: Ranford Colour Photo: Perreault Colour Photo:
Chelios Colour Photo: Damphousse Colour Photo: Juneau Colour Photo: Zezel

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1999 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              36 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 August 1, 2012

                             Calypso Uranium Corp.

                                   BC V6E 3C9
                                     Canada

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Cameco To Acquire 51% Stake In Energia Mineral

   Date: 4/13/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).


Calypso Enters Into Option Agreement With EM International

   Date: 6/15/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).


Calypso Acquires Additional 12 Uranium Claims

   Date: 8/1/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).


Calypso Completes Private Placement Of $5.37 Million

   Date: 2/12/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).


Calypso Completes Non-Brokered Private Placement Of $3.15 Million

   Date: 2/12/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).


Calypso Acquires Rahueco Uranium Property

   Date: 2/20/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).


Calypso Acquires Ranquil-Co Project

   Date: 1/23/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).


Calypso Acquires Energia Mineral

   Date: 1/4/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Cameco Corporation, a uranium company, signed an option agreement to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral, Inc. (also known as Energia Mineral S.A), a
uranium exploration company, from Calypso Uranium Corp., a mineral exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Calypso has agreed to grant Cameco the option
to acquire interest in EMI for a consideration of CAD9 million ($8.95 million)
in exploration and development expenses on Calypso's Argentine uranium
properties over a maximum three year period. The agreement provides that the
first CAD3 million ($2.98 million) of the option will be a firm commitment and
the balance will be at Cameco's discretion.

The EMI project areas cover approximately 442,542 hectares and include the La
Pintada, Ranquil Co, Central Block, Campesino Norte and San Jorge Basin
projects.

Under the terms of option agreement, EMI will continue to lead exploration
activities during the option period based on exploration proposals approved by a
joint technical committee. In the event Cameco exercises its option and acquires
a 51% interest in EMI, Cameco has the right but not the obligation to become the
operator.

Deal history

Update: On September 21, 2010, Cameco signed an option agreement to acquire 51%
stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD9 million ($8.95 million).


Announced: On April 13, 2010, Cameco had signed a letter of intent to acquire
51% stake in Energia Mineral from Calypso Uranium, for CAD10 million ($9.95
million).
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *


Investments



 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012


                              37 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               Belfast Telegraph

                                August 14, 2001

Traffic grows on the global road

LENGTH: 241 words


1988: National Australia Bank acquires Northern Bank for (GBP) 150m.

1989: Norway's Fred Olsen acquires controlling interest in Harland & Wolff for
(GBP) 12m and Canada's Bombardier acquires Shorts for (GBP) 30m.

1990: Japan's Fujitsu buys Britain's ICL computing for (GBP) 700m.

1992: Emerson Electric of the US acquires FG Wilson for (GBP) 200m and Ireland's
AIB merges with the TSB in Northern Ireland for (GBP) 111m, creating First Trust
Bank.

1993: Privatisation of Northern Ireland Electricity raises (GBP) 362m and
creates Viridian. Ireland's Golden Vale acquires Leckpatrick for (GBP) 22m.

1994: Seagate of the US opens (GBP) 43m factory.

1996: OSI Group of the US acquires Moypark for an undisclosed sum and TBI
acquires Belfast International Airport for (GBP) 107m.

1997: Britain's Tesco acquires Stewarts and Crazy Prices for (GBP) 630m.

1998: Canada's CanWest acquires largest stake in UTV for (GBP) 24m.

2000: Royal Bank of Scotland acquires NatWest and Ulster Bank for (GBP) 21bn.
Northern Ireland's Galen acquires Warner Chilcott in the US for (GBP) 300m.
Ireland's Independent News & Media acquires Belfast Telegraph Newspapers for
(GBP) 292m. Belgium's Interbrew acquires Britain's Bass breweries for (GBP)
2.3bn.

2001: Ireland's Kerry Group acquires Golden Vale for (GBP) 152m. Northern
Ireland's global e-mail company Gem signs 'multi-million pound' deal with
Amazon.


LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2001 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.


                              38 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             August 1, 2014 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 168 words


In three-way trade, Tigers acquire David Price (top photo), Mariners acquire
Austin Jackson and Rays acquire Nick Franklin, Drew Smyly and Willy Adames.

A's acquire Jon Lester (middle), Jonny Gomes from Red Sox for Yoenis Cespedes
(bottom); send Tommy Milone to Twins for Sam Fuld.

Cardinals acquire John Lackey, Corey Littrell from Red Sox for Allen Craig, Joe
Kelly.

Yankees acquire Martin Prado from D-backs for Peter O'Brien; acquire Stephen
Drew from Red Sox for Kelly Johnson.

Marlins acquire Jarred Cosart, Enrique Hernandez, Austin Wates from Astros for
Jake Marisnick, Colin Moran, Francis Martes and a 2015 competitive balance pick.

Braves acquire James Russell, Emilio Bonifacio from Cubs for Victor Caratini.

Nationals acquire Asdrubal Cabrera from Indians for Zach Walters.

Mariners acquire Chris Denorfia from Padres for Stephen Kohlscheen and Abraham
Almonte.

Orioles acquire Andrew Miller from Red Sox for Eduardo Rodriguez.

Brewers acquire Gerardo Parra from D-backs for Mitch Haniger and Anthony Banda.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 25, 1987 Wednesday

FOREIGN INVESTMENTS

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 721 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
  Three investment proposals have been approved after review by Investment
Canada .

Approved are plans by:
   Conoco Canada Ltd. of Calgary, a wholly owned subsidiary of Conoco Inc.
of Houston, to acquire control of the business carried on by Ocelot
Industries Ltd., consisting of certain oil and natural gas properties in
Alberta known as the Peco Field.

Sinclair & Valentine of New York to acquire control of the business
carried on by Sinclair & Valentine Corp. of Canada Ltd. and its
subsidiary, Sinclair & Valentine Inc. of Toronto, which makes and sells
printing inks and graphic arts supplies.

United Coal (Canada) Ltd. of Bristol, Va., to acquire control of the
business carried on by Star Oil & Gas Ltd. of Calgary, which is engaged in
the exploration for, and the development and production of, oil and gas.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:
   Banner Acquisition Corp. of New York to acquire control of the business
carried on by Rexnord Canada Ltd. of Scarborough, Ont., which manufactures
material handling equipment, caulks, sealants and adhesives and
distributes chains, bearings, couplings, crushers and other process
machinery equipment.

Cargill Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the business
carried on by Southern Feeds Ltd. of Lethbridge, Alta., which
manufactures, blends, processes and sells livestock and poultry feed.

Cargill Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the business
carried on by Ayr Feed & Supply Ltd. of Ayr, Ont., which manufactures
fertilizers and manufactures and blends livestock and poultry feed.

Enterprise Oil PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business
carried on by ICI Petroleum Canada Inc. of Calgary, which is engaged in
oil and gas exploration and development.

Fuchs-Montgomery Co. Inc. of Detroit to acquire control of the business
carried on by Scanlube Oils Inc. of Cambridge, Ont., which manufactures
and sells lubricants and protective coatings.

Gerber (Canada) Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
business carried on by CKR Inc. of Niagara Falls, Ont., which manufactures
baby diapers and feeding accessories.

Hein-Werner Corp. of Waukesha, Wis., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Applied Power Canada Ltd., consisting of its Blackhawk
division in Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures and wholesales various
products for the automotive service market.

Koehring Cranes & Excavators Inc. of Waverly, Iowa, to acquire control
of the business carried on by AMCA International Ltd., consisting of its
Cranes and Excavators Group of Kitchener, Ont., which wholesales cranes
and excavators.

Metropolitan Life Holdings Ltd. of the United States to acquire control
of the business carried on by Wood Gundy Ltd. of Ottawa, which is an
investment holding company.

MOG Aquisition Corp. of New York to acquire control of the business
carried on by Millmaster Onyx (Canada) Inc. of Beloeil, Que., which
resells specialty chemicals.

NYNEX Corp. of White Plains, N.Y., to acquire control of the business
carried on by BIS Banking Systems (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which provides
computer software packages and develops and implements computer systems.

Power Corp. of Cayman Ltd., Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, to acquire
control of the business carried on by Bol Energy Ltd. of Calgary, which is
an oil and gas corporation.

Siebe PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried on by
Ranco Controls Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures automatic
control devices.

Sketchley Cleaning & Services Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
business carried on by Bru-Hill Ltd., known as Hillary Cleaners of Ottawa,
which provides dry cleaning and laundering services.

Sketchley Cleaning Services Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
business carried on by Cyrville Cleaners Ltd. of Ottawa, which provides
dry cleaning and laundering services.

St. Lawrence Cement Inc. of Switzerland to acquire control of the
business carried on by Slimline Pipe Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures
concrete pipes.

Robert Stern of Providence, R.I., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Plastifax Inc. of Hamilton, which manufactures plastic
products.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Deadline deals at a glance

BYLINE: Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 337  words


The NHL trade deadline day was relatively quiet Monday, with just 15 deals
involving 32 players:

? Nashville Predators acquire forward Andrei Kostitsyn from Montreal for a
second-round draft pick in 2013 and a conditional fifth-round pick in 2013.

? The Tampa Bay Lightning acquire defenceman Mike Commodore from the Detroit Red
Wings for a conditional seventh-round pick in 2013.

? The Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Nick Schultz from the Minnesota Wild
for defenceman Tom Gilbert.

? The Toronto Maple Leafs acquire minor-league forward Carter Ashton from the
Tampa Bay Lightning for minor-league defenceman Keith Aulie.

? The San Jose Sharks acquire forwards Daniel Winnik and T.J. Galiardi as well
as a seventh-round pick in the 2013 draft from the Colorado Avalanche for
forwards Jamie McGinn, Mike Connolly and Michael Sgarbossa.

? The Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Matt Gilroy from Tampa Bay for
defenceman Brian Lee.

? The Vancouver Canucks acquire centre Sami Pahlsson from the Columbus Blue
Jackets for two fourth-round picks in 2012.

? The Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Johnny Oduya from the Winnipeg Jets
for second-and third-round picks in 2012.

? The Boston Bruins acquire forward Brian Rolston and defenceman Mike Mottau
from the New York Islanders for forward Yannick Riendeau and defenceman Marc
Cantin.

? The Predators acquire forward Paul Gaustad and a 2013 fourth-round pick from
the Buffalo Sabres for a 2012 first-round pick.

? The Bruins acquire defenceman Greg Zanon from the Wild for defenceman Steve
Kampfer.

? The New York Rangers acquire defenceman John Scott from Chicago for a 2012
fifth-round pick.

? The Maple Leafs acquire minor-league defenceman Mark Fraser from the Anaheim
Ducks for minor-league forward Dale Mitchell.

? The Canucks acquire forward Zack Kassian and defenceman Marc-Andre Gragnani
from the Sabres for forward Cody Hodgson and defenceman Alexander Sulzer.

? The Canucks acquire minor-league forward Andrew Gordon from the Ducks for
minor-league defenceman Sebastian Erixon.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Paul Gaustad;;  Mike Commodore;/;;  Andrei Kostitsyn;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Tracking all the deadline day deals

BYLINE: Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 343  words


The NHL trade deadline day was relatively quiet on Monday, with just 15 deals
involving 32 players:

- Nashville Predators acquire forward Andrei Kostitsyn from Montreal for a
secondround draft pick in 2013 and a conditional fifth-round pick in 2013.

- The Tampa Bay Lightning acquire defenceman Mike Commodore from the Detroit Red
Wings for a conditional seventh-round pick in 2013.

- The Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Nick Schultz from the Minnesota Wild
for defenceman Tom Gilbert.

- The Toronto Maple Leafs acquire minor-league forward Carter Ashton from the
Tampa Bay Lightning for defenceman Keith Aulie.

- The San Jose Sharks acquire forwards Daniel Winnik and T.J. Galiardi as well
as a seventh-round pick in the 2013 draft from the Colorado Avalanche for
forwards Jamie McGinn (a former member of the Ottawa 67's), Mike Connolly and
Michael Sgarbossa.

- The Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Matt Gilroy from Tampa Bay for
defenceman Brian Lee.

- The Vancouver Canucks acquire centre Sami Pahlsson from the Columbus Blue
Jackets for two fourthround picks in 2012.

- The Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Johnny Oduya from theWinnipeg Jets
for second-and third-round picks in 2012.

- The Boston Bruins acquire forward Brian Rolston and defenceman Mike Mottau
from the New YorkIslanders for forward Yannick Riendeau and defenceman Marc
Cantin.

- The Predators acquire forward Paul Gaustad and a 2013 fourth-round pick from
the BuffaloSabres for a 2012 first-round pick.

- The Bruins acquire defenceman Greg Zanon from the Wild for defenceman Steve
Kampfer.

- The New York Rangers acquire defenceman John Scott from Chicago for a 2012
fifth-round pick.

- The Maple Leafs acquire minor-league defenceman Mark Fraser (of Ottawa) from
the Anaheim Ducks for minorleague forward Dale Mitchell.

- The Canucks acquire forward Zack Kassian and defenceman Marc-André Gragnani
from the Sabres for forward Cody Hodgson and defenceman Alexander Sulzer.

- The Canucks acquire minor-league forward Andrew Gordon from the Ducks for
minor-league defenceman Sébastian Erixon.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 27, 1986 Thursday

Investment Canada approvals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 1311 words


Three foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Dravo of Canada Ltd., Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of Dravo Corp.
 of Pittsburgh, Pa., to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Allis- Chalmers Canada Inc., consisting of its Stephens- Adamson Co.
 division in Belleville, Ont., which is engaged in the engineering,
 manufacture, sale and service of material handling systems and equipment.

148605 Canada Inc. of Oakville, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary of Ford
 Motor Co. of Detroit, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Sperry Inc., consisting of its New Holland division in Mississauga, Ont.,
 which warehouses, sells and services agricultural equipment, parts and
 accessories.

Parker Pen BV of the Netherlands, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Parker Pen Holdings Ltd. of Montreal, which is a holding
 company, and Parker Pen Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which sells and
 distributes pens, writing instruments and accessories.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Aloette Cosmetics Inc. of Malvern, Pa., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Aloette Cosmetics Canada Inc. of Niagara Falls,
 Ont., a cosmetics distribution and franchising business.

APL Limited Partnership of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Van Dusen Aircraft Supplies Ltd. of Winnipeg, which is
 engaged in the construction and repair of airplanes and hydroplanes.

DRG Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Charles R. Casson Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures and sells custom and
 standard file folders and binders.

Grey Advertising Ltd., United States, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Syndicast Productions Inc. of Toronto, which
 retails advertising services.

Hanson Trust PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
 on by SCM (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures architectural and
 industrial coatings through its Glidden division, and services and
 distributes typewriters through its Smith-Corona division.

Harvard Industries Inc. of St. Louis to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Trim Trends Canada Ltd. of Dundalk, Ont., which manufactures
 aluminum trim moldings and decorative metal trim stampings for use in the
 automotive industry.

David E. Howell of Oak Hill, Ont., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Pierre Ouellet Enterprises Ltd. of Toronto, which operates a
 recording studio.

Patrick J. Langalle, James D. Roullard and Herschel McNees of Grove
 City, Ohio, to acquire control of the business carried on by Apple Mold
 Inc. of Mississauga, which produces and sells plaster case molds.

Ronald H. Lehman and Patricia M. Lehman of Shoreview, Minn., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by James L. Kirkelas and Alma D.
 Kirkelas, consisting of their tourist outfitting business in Morson, Ont.

Milord Realty Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by 275924 Ontario Ltd. and Goldglas Investments Ltd., known as
 Kenlinton Plaza of Scarborough, Ont., a commercial rental property.

Paz Centro Inversiones SA of Panama to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Dunwoody Ltd., known as the Viscount Hotel of Windsor.

Prontaprint BV of St. Helier, Jersey Channel Islands, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Zippy Print Franchise Canada Ltd. of
 Vancouver, which franchises printing and copying businesses.

River and Sea Gabions (London) Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Gabions Crosscountry Ltd. of Toronto, a civil
 engineering contractor.

Bruno Savo of Venezuela to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Riva Window & Door Inc. of Concord, Ont., which manufactures windows
 and doors.

Richard K. Teichgraeber, United States, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Cardwell Manufacturing Co. Ltd. of Edmonton, which
 manufactures, sells and services oil rigs and related parts and
 accessories.

Unistrut Canada Ltd., United States, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by GTE Sylvania Canada Ltd., consisting of its GTE Unistrut
 division of Ajax, Ont., which manufactures and sells metal framing and
 fittings.

Ventona Viyella PLC of Britain to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by J&P Coats (Canada) Inc. of Montreal, which manufactures and
 distributes sewing thread, and Patons & Baldwins (Canada) Inc. of Toronto,
 which manufactures and distributes hand knitting materials.

Whirlpool Corp. of Benton Harbor, Mich., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Kitchenaid Canada Inc. of Toronto, which assembles
 and distributes Kitchenaid dishwashers and sells trash compactors,
 countertop mixers, garbage disposers and hot water dispenser units.

New Businesses:

Air Industrie Systems Corp. of Birmingham, Mich., to establish a
 business at Toronto to manufacture and install industrial painting
 equipment, conveyors and handling materials.

Associated Adjusters Inc. of Southfield, Mich., to establish a business
 at Windsor to provide insurance adjustment services.

Columbian Technology Co. of Tulsa, Okla., to establish a business at
 Hamilton to be engaged in chemical research and development, particularly
 in the area of carbon black.

Combustion Engineering Canada Inc., United States, to establish a
 business at Perth, Ont., to construct and operate a processing plant for
 the production of ultra-fine calcite products from crystalline limestone.

Combustion Engineering Canada Inc., United States, and Abignano
 (Canada) Inc. of Australia, to establish a business at Cornwall, Ont., to
 supply wear and corrosion resistant overlays in clad and cast products,
 primarily to the mining, mineral processing, pulp and paper, dredging,
 cement and construction industries.

Darrell H. Cooper of Clarkson, Mich., to establish a business at
 Sarnia, Ont., to manufacture and process compression joint sealers,
 couplings and flexible pipe couplings.

Eastern Marine Inc. of Panama City, Fla., to establish a business at
 Dartmouth, N.S., to offer shipbuilding consulting services and to export
 marine parts and products.

Joucomatic Controls Inc. of Charlotte, N.C., to establish a business at
 Toronto to operate as a manufacturer's representative.

Kintetsu World Express (U.S.A.) Inc. of Garden City, N.Y., to establish
 a business at Pearson International Airport in Toronto to provide customs
 house brokerage services.

Metra Tool Co. of Livonia, Mich., to establish a business at Windsor to
 distribute hand tools.

Motivaction-Canada Inc. of Southfield, Mich., to establish a business
 at Scarborough to be engaged in the sale of incentive programs, including
 merchandise and travel.

Dietmar Neumann and Christina Neumann of Austria to establish a
 business at Pointe-Claire, Que., to manufacture and sell a new design of
 container truck trailer.

Nissel Sangyo Canada Inc. of Japan to establish a business at Toronto
 to engage in the distribution of general merchandise.

Nord Bitumi U.S. Inc. of Springfield, N.J., Amcan BV of the Netherlands
 and Fidagest Canada Ltd. of Toronto to establish a business at Mississauga
 to distribute, and later to manufacture, bituminous roofing membrane.

Pacer Yarns Inc. of Northbrook, Ill., to establish a business at
 Toronto to wholesale yarns, fabric and preworked needlepoint and crafts.

J. Partington of Britain to establish a business at Mississauga to
 manufacture, design and sell point of sale fixtures for the floor covering
 industry.

619156 Ontario Ltd., United States, to establish a business at Mar,
 Ont., to engage in dolomite quarrying.

Spie Batignolles Inc. of Irving, Tex., to establish a business at
 Edmonton for the purpose of constructing pipeline systems.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Transactions list

BYLINE: Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A38

LENGTH: 352  words


A total of 15 trades involving 32 players and 11 draft picks were made on Monday
by the time the National Hockey League's trade deadline expired. Here is a list
of the transactions:

- The Vancouver Canucks acquire minor-league forward Andrew Gordon from the
Ducks for minor-league defenceman Sebastian Erixon.

- The Canucks acquire centre Sami Pahlsson from the Columbus Blue Jackets for
two fourth-round picks in 2012.

- The Canucks acquire forward Zack Kassian and defenceman Marc-Andre Gragnani
from the Sabres for forward Cody Hodgson and defenceman Alexander Sulzer.

- Nashville Predators acquire forward Andrei Kostitsyn from Montreal for a
second-round draft pick in 2013 and a conditional fifth-round pick in 2013.

- The Tampa Bay Lightning acquire defenceman Mike Commodore from the Detroit Red
Wings for a conditional seventh-round pick in 2013.

- The Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Nick Schultz from the Minnesota Wild
for defenceman Tom Gilbert.

- The Toronto Maple Leafs acquire minor-league forward Carter Ashton from the
Tampa Bay Lightning for minor-league defenceman Keith Aulie.

- The San Jose Sharks acquire forwards Daniel Winnik and T.J. Galiardi as well
as a seventh-round pick in the 2013 draft from the Colorado Avalanche for
forwards Jamie McGinn, Mike Connolly and Michael Sgarbossa. - The Ottawa
Senators acquire defenceman Matt Gilroy from Tampa Bay for defenceman Brian Lee.

- The Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Johnny Oduya from the Winnipeg Jets
for second-and third-round picks in 2012.

- The Boston Bruins acquire forward Brian Rolston and defenceman Mike Mottau
from the New York Islanders for forward Yannick Riendeau and defenceman Marc
Cantin.

- The Predators acquire forward Paul Gaustad and a 2013 fourth-round pick from
the Buffalo Sabres for a 2012 first-round pick. - The Bruins acquire defenceman
Greg Zanon from the Wild for defenceman Steve Kampfer.

- The New York Rangers acquire defenceman John Scott from Chicago for a 2012
fifth-round pick.

- The Maple Leafs acquire minor-league defenceman Mark Fraser from the Anaheim
Ducks for minor-league forward Dale Mitchell.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 4, 1986 Friday

Investment Canada approves 8 proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 916 words


Eight foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Emerson Quiet Kool Corp. of Woodbridge, N.J., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Emhart Canada Ltd., consisting of its Hill
 Refrigeration Division in Barrie, Ont., which manufactures and distributes
 refrigerated food cabinets, perishable food display cases, salad bars and
 similar units for the retail and wholesale food industry.

Laing Property Corp. of Vancouver, controlled by Laing Properties PLC
 of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Arbutus
 Village Shopping Centre of Vancouver, consisting of 38 retail shops and
 offices.

LJN Toys Ltd. of New York, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Grand Toys Ltd. of Dorval, Que., which distributes toys and Mylec
 Canada Ltd., also of Dorval, which manufactures toys for Grand Toys Ltd.

Miller Printing Equipment Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Miller Johannisburg Druckmaschinen of West Germany, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Reichhold Ltd., consisting of its Sears
 division of Toronto, which distributes printing presses and related
 equipment and provides warranty and repair services for its merchandise.

Nasna Resources Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by a group of European
 investors, to acquire control of the business carried on by Fidinam
 Properties Inc., consisting of the following properties: Place Concorde
 and Continental Tours of Calgary, Cranleigh Towers of Edmonton, 20 Graydon
 Hall Drive and 920 Yonge St. of Toronto, and Port de Mer of Montreal.

653373 Ontario Inc. of Marlborough, Mass., a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Microamerica Inc., also of Marlborough, to acquire control of Compuserve
 of Markham, Ont., which distributes microcomputer software, peripherals
 and supplies.

Stanley Canada Inc. of Hamilton, a wholly owned subsidiary of Stanley
 Works of New Britain, Conn., to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Textron Canada Ltd., consisting of its Bostitch Division of toronto,
 which manufactures and sells office and industrial staples, nails and
 fasteners.

Tintagel Energy Corp. of Toronto, controlled by Avalon Corp. of New
 York, to acquire control of the business carried on by Maynard Energy Inc.
 of Calgary, which explores for and produces crude oil and natural gas.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Bearse Inc. of Providence, R.I., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Holliston Canada Inc. of Toronto, which sells woven and non-
 woven book coverings and other materials to book manufacturers.

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. of Omaha, Neb., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by SFZ International Inc. of Whitby, Ont., which
 assembles and distributes Kirby vacuum cleaners, assembles packages and
 distributes electrical conduit fittings, and distributes educational
 books; and Scott & Fetzer Financial Services of Canada Inc., Whitby, which
 is a financing arm for the sale of Kirby vacuum cleaners.

Britannia Medical Supplies Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Britannia Medical Supplies of Mississauga, Ont.,
 which distributes anaesthesia and critical care products such as
 anaesthetic machines, ventilators for respiratory units and laryngoscopes.

Wolf Chayt of West Bloomfield, Mich., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by 627549 Ontario Inc., known as C.L.T. Plastics of
 Windsor, Ont., which manufactures custom injection molding.

CMC Telecom Ltd. of the United States, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by CMC Telecom Ltd. of Willowdale, Ont., which
 manufactures and distributes telecommunications products.

Emhart Corp. of Hartford, Conn., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Heli-Coil Canada Inc. of Toronto, which imports and sells
 specialized fasteners.

Escada AG of West Germany, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Escada Sport Elegance Inc. of Montreal, which imports and
 distributes ladies clothing and accessories.

Hawley Group Ltd. of Bermuda, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by International Golf Inc. of Montreal, which markets golf
 tours and vacations.

House of Mayfair Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Select Wallcoverings Ltd. of Toronto, which imports and
 distributes wall coverings.

Imasco Retail Inc. of Montreal, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Transit Shops of Toronto, which operates retail tobacco and
 convenience stores.

Intelligent Business Systems Inc. of New Haven, Conn., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by IBS Intelligent Business Systems
 Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which is engaged in the development of
 computer software and the sale of computer systems.

Intsel of Canada Ltd. of the United States, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Brandeis Intsel Ltd. of Montreal, which trades in
 ores and metals.

Scott Paton of Niagara Falls, Ont., Yip Kwong and Simon Lee of Hong
 Kong, to acquire control of the business carried on by Mr. and Mrs. M.T.
 Stelmaszynski, known as the Montrose Motor Inn of Niagara Falls.

SC Acquisition Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Sybron Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures and
 distributes medical, dental, laboratory and chemical products.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 19, 1985 Tuesday

Foreign investment plans allowed

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1386 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
   OTTAWA
   Two foreign investment proposals have been approved following review by
 Investment Canada, the federal Government says.

Approved were plans by:
    115690 Canada Ltd. of Mount Royal, Que., which is wholly owned by BASF
 AG of West Germany, to acquire control of the businesses carried on by
 Inmont Canada Inc. of Brampton, Ont., which manufactures printing inks and
 coatings, and Inmont Presstite Inc. of Georgetown, Ont., which
 manufactures sealants, sound deadeners and caulking;
    SKD Co. of Amherstburg, Ont., a partnership of National Material Corp.
 of Elk Grove Village, Ill., and SKD Technologies Inc. of Toronto, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by SKD Technologies, consisting
 of its three automotive stamping divisions in Amherstburg, Brampton and
 Etobicoke, Ont., which manufacture stampings for the automotive industry.

Investment Canada also has been notified of the following investment
 plans. Under the rules governing foreign investment, the agency's approval
 is not required for these projects, although formal notice of the
 transactions must be provided.

Notice was given of plans by:
    Booker McConnell PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Columbia Seed Co. Ltd. of Vauxhall, Alta.;
    Endeco Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Endeco Canada Ltd. of Halifax, which manufactures high-
 technology, solid-state digital recorders and equipment for use in ocean
 environmental instruments;
    Enerdry Corp. to acquire control of the business carried on by Terill
 Constructors Ltd. of Thunder Bay, Ont., which prepares and constructs
 materials and systems for use in pulp and paper mills;
    Enerdry Corp. to acquire control of the business carried on by Terill
 Engineering Inc., also of Thunder Bay, which designs and manufactures
 heat-exchange systems and similar systems used primarily in pulp and paper
 mills;
    FGD Inc. of Chatsworth, Calif. to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Banner Gelatin Products (Canada) Ltd. of Olds, Alta., which
 manufactures soft elastic gelatin capsules;
    Huntington Laboratories Inc. of Huntington, Ind., to acquire control of
 the businesses carried on by DAL Holdings Ltd., Donald A. White
 Manufacturing Ltd., Huntington Laboratories of Canada Ltd. and Thomas
 Gibson and Co. Ltd. of Bramalea, Ont., which manufacture and distribute
 commercial, industrial and institutional maintenance equipment and
 supplies;
    Lone Star Industries Inc. of Greenwich, Conn., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Plastibeton Inc. of Montreal, which
 manufactures polymer concrete products;
    Monsanto Co. of St. Louis to acquire control of the businesses carried
 on by G. D. Searle and Co. of Canada Ltd. and Lorex Pharmaceuticals of
 Canada Ltd. of Oakville, Ont., which manufacture pharmaceuticals;
    Munich Reinsurance Co. of West Germany to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Munich-London Management Corp. of Toronto, which
 provides services in the management of life, accident and sickness
 reinsurance;
    Pacific Dunlop Holdings Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Marshall-Davidson Batteries Ltd., K. S. Johnstone
 Corp., Canadian Pottery Corp. Ltd. of Richmond, B.C., and Chloride Canada
 Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which manufacture and distribute batteries and
 accessories;
    Reichhold Chemicals Inc. of White Plains, N.Y., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Canada Glue Co. Inc., consisting of its
 adhesives business at Brantford, Ont.;
    Reintjes Construction Canada Inc. to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Dresser Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., consisting of the
 installation and maintenance services business of its Canadian
 Refractories division in Montreal, which provides contract maintenance and
 construction supervision services for refractory installation;
    Rheem Manufacturing Co. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Raypak Thermonics Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures
 swimming pool and spa heaters and commercial boilers;
    Studley Canada Ltd. to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Gustin-Kramer Ltd., consisting of its vacuum cleaner bags division in
 Toronto, which distributes vacuum cleaner bags and accessories;
    TNT Canada Inc. to acquire control of the businesses carried on by
 Cowansville Express Inc., Transport Champlain Express Inc. and Transport
 Champlain Express International Inc. of Cowansville, Que., which are
 engaged in general freight trucking;
    Trutec Industries (Canada) Inc. to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Despatch Industries Inc., consisting of its Toronto
 division, which manufactures and sells paint-finishing systems, commercial
 products and industrial heat- processing equipment;
    Union Carbide Canada Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Borstad Welding Supplies (1972) Ltd., which
 produces industrial gases and welding products, and Northern Respiratory
 Ltd., which produces medical gases;
    Vancouver Welding Supplies (1978) Ltd. to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Coba Welding Supplies of Vancouver, which
 warehouses, sells and distributes gases and welding supplies;
    Winemanor Holdings Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Matthew Wylie (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which supplies
 automatic nailing and ancillary equipment to the woodworking industry;
    Cambridge Nutrition International BV of the Netherlands to establish a
 new business at Kamloops, B.C., to sell a low-calorie diet product;
    Compaq Canada Inc. of Houston to establish a new business in Toronto to
 distribute and sell microcomputers and related accessories, options and
 peripherals;
    Reina Gil de Karam of Venezuela to establish a new business at Montreal
 to engage in imports and exports;
    A. Frans Heidman of Vienna, Va., to establish a new business at Toronto
 to engage in international trade and exports;
    Michael J. Kormos and Randolph Harris of Nashville, Tenn., to establish
 a new business at Toronto to conduct market research for the Canadian
 apparel, automotive and footwear industries;
    Lotus Development Canada Corp. to establish a new business at Toronto
 to sell computer software;
    LRV Corp. of Elkhart, Ind., to establish a new business at Pickering,
 Ont., to manufacture and distribute liners for truck beds and tool cases;
    Kurt E. Lukas of Berkeley, Calif., to establish a new business at
 Vancouver to install amusement ride equipment at Expo 86;
    Michigan Agricultural Commodities Inc. of Lansing to establish a new
 business at London, Ont., to provide a marketing service for agricultural
 products;
    NBC Home Electronics (USA) Inc. of Elk Grove Village, Ill., to
 establish a new business at Toronto and Vancouver to sell, distribute and
 provide post-sales service for NBC home electronics products;
    Onan Corp. of Minneapolis to establish a new business at Saint-Laurent,
 Que., to assemble electrical generating sets;
    Parkway Investments Inc. of Wilmington, Del., to establish a new
 business at Calgary to be engaged in oil and gas exploration;
    R. L. Drake Co. of Miamisburg, Ohio, to establish a new business at
 Peterborough, Ont., to distribute, sell and service TVRO (television
 receive only) satellite receiving equipment;
    Yrjo Kalervo Bundell of Botswana to establish a new business at Lac
 Mistassini, Que., to be engaged in fish farming;
    Sylvan Learning Corp. of Bellevue, Wash., to establish a new business
 at London, Ont., to operate supplementary and remedial learning centres
 and to engage in a franchise marketing and servicing program for such
 centres;
    Michele Tommasi of Italy to establish a new business at Montreal to
 engage in the research and manufacture of electronic instrumentation;
    VSC Ltd. of San Francisco to establish a new business at Toronto to be
 engaged in the development and licencing of a patented electronics
 technology known as Variable Speech Control;
    Yard Ltd. of Britain to establish a new business at Ottawa to provide
 specialized marine and industrial engineering services;
    Yorx Electronics Corp. of Canada to establish a new business at
 Markham, Ont., to import, purchase, sell and distribute consumer
 electronics products.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     July 13, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Who's buying or investing in Canada

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 1543 words


   Six investment proposals have been approved by Investment Canada.

Harvie Andre, the minister responsible for Investment Canada, said the decisions
covered investment proposals received under the Investment Canada Act before
July 4.

The federal agency also announced it received notifications of non-reviewable
investments by non-Canadians, involving either acquisitions or new businesses.

Approved investments

361537 B.C. Ltd. of Vancouver, controlled by Hong Kong-based Ritz Asia Co. Ltd.,
to acquire control of the business carried on by Westbrook Hotel Ltd. The
business includes Westbrook Hotel and its rental property at 1200 Hornby St. in
Vancouver.

832758 Ontario Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Ismanto (Edward) Wanandi of
Indonesia, to acquire control of the businesses carried on by Brantford Group of
Cos. Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., and Northern Mack Sales Ltd. of Edmonton.

Brantford Group manufactures and sells truck trailers and spare parts, besides
selling, servicing and repairing used truck trailers. Northern Mack operates a
truck dealership.

Asea Brown Boveri Inc. of St. Laurent, Que., wholly owned subsidiary of
Swiss-based Asea Brown Boveri Ltd., to acquire control of the businesses carried
on by Westinghouse Canada Ltd.

The businesses include the Transformer & Nuclear Products and Motors division in
London, Ont., which manufactures and distributes power transformers and
transmission equipment and systems, and Transelectrix Technology Inc. of Guelph,
which manufactures and distributes power transformers, bushings and high voltage
apparatus for the utility market in Canada.

Eimco Jarvis Clark Co. Ltd. of Toronto, wholly owned by Oy Tampella AB of
Finland, to acquire control of the business carried on by Eimco Jarvis Clark, a
division of Baker Hughes Canada Inc. of Burlington, Ont.

Baker Hughes manufactures and sells trackless equipment for underground hardrock
mining, and supplies parts and services for mining equipment.

Okabe Canada Investments Co. Ltd. of Vancouver, controlled by Okabe Co. Ltd. of
Japan, to acquire control of the business carried on by Delta Bow Valley Inn of
Calgary.

Ruetgerswerke AG of West Germany, to acquire control of the business carried on
by Carbochem Inc. of Mississauga. Carbochem produces, distributes and sells coal
tar and related products in North America, and imports and exports such products
to and from North America.

Acquisitions

165906 Canada Inc. of Toronto, controlled by U.S.-based Petrosul International
Ltd., to acquire control of the business carried on by Balfour Grain Ltd. of
Winnipeg, which trades, markets and transports grain.

358686 British Columbia Ltd. of Vancouver, controlled by Hong Kong investors Fok
Ming Ho and Lai Heng Leong, to acquire control of the business carried on by
Latimer Road Enterprises Ltd., consisting of an apartment building located at
1332 Thurlow St. in Vancouver.

741304 Ontario Inc. of Toronto, controlled by Willow Development Inc. of Panama,
to acquire control of the business carried on by a travel agency, Uniglobe
Express Travel Ltd. of Toronto.

B & D Inc. of Towson, Md., to acquire control of the businesses carried on by
Heli-Coil Canada, Inc. of Toronto, which imports and sells specialized
fasteners, and Emhart Canada Ltd. of Montreal, which sells, distributes and
manufactures adhesives, footwear materials, fasteners, hardware, appliance
timers and consumer products.

Frank Buono of Binghamton, N.Y., to acquire control of the business carried on
by Novatech Products and Marketing Ltd. of Toronto, which manages stamp shows.

Canamax Resources Inc. of Toronto, controlled by AMAX Inc. of Greenwich, Conn.,
to acquire control of the business carried on by Pacific TransOcean Resources
Ltd., consisting of its interests in the Ketza River mine in the Yukon. Pacific
TransOcean explores and develops mineral land and property.

Coats Viyella PLC of Montreal, controlled by British-based Coats Viyella PLC, to
acquire control of the business carried on by Bell Tootal Inc. of Arthur, Ont.,
which manufactures and sells thread to the textile industry.

Finn Sugar Canada Ltd. of Surrey, B.C., controlled by Cultor Ltd. of Finland, to
acquire control of the business carried on by General Sea Harvest Corp. of
Vancouver, which is involved in aquaculture.

Masatake Horiba of Troy, Mich., to acquire control of the business consisting of
a commercial office building located at 6700 Century Ave. in Mississauga.

Imaje SA of France, to acquire control of the business carried on by Imaje
Marking Systems Ltd. of Mississauga, which markets and sells ink jet printers
and related accessories and services.

Insituform Group Ltd. of Channel Islands, U.K., to acquire control of the
business carried on by Insituform du Quebec Inc. of Ste-Foy, Que., which repairs
pipelines.

Irvin A. Levy of Houston, to acquire control of the business carried on by
West-Star Packaging, Inc. of Winnipeg, which purchases and sells paper,
containers made of paper and other materials, and paper products.

Maple Leaf Mills Ltd. of Waterloo, Ont., controlled by Hillsdown Holdings PLC of
Britain, to acquire control of the businesses carried on by Multifoods Inc.

These businesses include the Sherwood Farms division of Niagara Falls, Ont.,
which processes and sells poultry products, and Burns Foods (1985) Ltd. of
Brandon, Man., which renders animal by-products.

Motor Racing Developments (International) Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of
the business carried on by Long Autosport Enterprises Ltd. of Montreal, which
promotes automobile racing.

NMKW Nederlancsche Maatschappij Tot Bet VerrichtenVan Mijnbouwkundige Werken NV
of the Netherlands, to acquire control of the business carried on by SECG
Societe d'Exploitation de Centres Graphiques Inc. of Montreal, which provides
graphic arts products and graphic services.

Rockwell International of Canada Ltd., headquartered in Toronto and controlled
by U.S.-based Rockwell International Corp., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Guthrie Canadian Investments Ltd. The business consists of the
Butler Polymet division of Cambridge, Ont., which manufactures
compression-molded plastic products for the automotive industry.

Royal Packaging Industries Van Leer BV of the Netherlands, to acquire control of
the business carried on by Tri-Sure Products, Ltd. of St. Catharines, Ont.,
which manufactures closures and closure elements including flanges, plugs and
capseals.

Simmons Co. Employee Stock Ownership Trust of Atlanta, Ga., to acquire control
of the business carried on by Simmons Ltd. of Mississauga, which manufactures
and distributes mattresses, box springs, upholstered and wooden furniture.

Tate Andale Canada Ltd. of Baltimore, Md., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Felco Industries Ltd. of Concord, Ont., which manufactures filter
bags, filter screens and filter systems, and miscellaneous items.

West Point Tender Corp. of Chicago, to acquire control of the businesses carried
on by Cluett Peabody Canada, Inc., which manufactures and sells shirts; J. P.
Stevens & Co. Inc., which sells sheets, towels and related bed products; Arthur
Sanderson & Sons (North America) Ltd., which sells draperies, wallpaper,
upholstery fabrics and related household decorations.

All three companies are based in Toronto.

New businesses

ACC Corp. of Rochester, N.Y., to establish a new business in Toronto to resell
to Canadian customers private telecommunications lines into the United States.

Breakdown Services Ltd. of Los Angeles, to establish a new business, a script
synopsis service, in Vancouver.

Dilemma Productions Inc. of Los Angeles, to establish a new business in Toronto
to produce a made-for-pay-TV movie.

ICOS Corp. of America, based in Englewood, N.J., to establish a new business in
Vancouver to construct a slurry wall in Port Hardy, B.C.

Karl Richter & Partners Inc. of Windsor, Ont., controlled by Cosonex Handels AG
of Switzerland), H.H. Schmidt Management Co. Ltd. of Windsor, Ont., and Sven
Ouandt of West Germany), to establish a new business in Windsor. The company
will analyze market and investment opportunities for European investors, in
addition to test marketing and initial sales.

Lotus Development Corp. of Cambridge, Mass., to establish a new business in
Toronto. The company will develop, distribute and sell computer software.

Nifast Corp. of Bensenville, Ill., to establish a new business in Ingersoll,
Ont., to distribute industrial fasteners (nuts and bolts).

Parviz Sehat Pour of India, to establish a new business in Toronto to import and
export Canadian products.

Rimer-Alco International Ltd. of Britain, to establish a new business in Morden,
Man., to manufacture, distribute and retail oxygen concentrators and gas
separation equipment.

S & D Chemicals Ltd. of Britain, to establish a new business in Toronto to sell
and distribute chemical products.

Zeller Closures Inc. of Chicago, to establish a new business in Toronto to
design, produce, manufacture and sell plastic dispensing devices, including
plastic closures, hinged closures, dispensing closures, tamper-resistant
closures, tearband closures and breakband closures.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              47 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 29, 1986 Saturday

FOREIGN INVESTMENTS

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1632 words


Thirteen foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Donald Nissim of Ocean, N.J., to establish a business at Toronto to
 import and distribute by mail order cassettes, records, compact discs and
 ancillary equipment.

City Resources (Asia) Ltd. of Hong Kong to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Consolidated Cinola Mines Ltd. of Vancouver, which
 explores for gold in the Queen Charlotte Islands, B.C.

GOF Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., owned by a resident citizen of Monaco,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Clarkson Gordon Inc., in
 its capacity as interim receiver and manager of property at 55 Charles St.
 W., Toronto, known as Bay Charles Tower.

IC Industries (Canada) Inc. of Brantford, Ont., wholly owned by IC
 Industries Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the businesses carried
 on by Fleming-Pedlar Ltd. of Winnipeg, which is engaged in refrigeration
 and air conditioning sales and service, and Coldstream Products of Canada
 Ltd. of Winnipeg, which manufactures a variety of refrigerated and non-
 refrigerated display cases, self-contained cases and insulated panels used
 in the construction of walk-in coolers and refrigerated warehouses.

Kingsland Holdings Inc. of Hamilton, owned by residents of Saudi
 Arabia, to acquire control of the business carried on by Clarkson Gordon
 Inc., in its capacity as interim receiver and manager of property located
 at 58-86 Cassandra Blvd., North York, Ont., known as Horizon Village
 Apartments.

Lorimar-Telepictures Corp. of Culver City, Calif., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Lorimar Canada Inc. of Toronto, which
 produces television and theatrical motion pictures.

Modine of Canada Ltd., Milton, Ont., wholly owned by Modine
 Manufacturing Co. of Racine, Wis., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Heatex Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures and distributes
 radiators, radiator cores and heaters to the automotive market.

Pamour Inc. of Toronto, ultimately controlled by Jimberlana Resources
 NL of Australia, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Consolidated CSA Minerals Inc. of Toronto, which has interests in mineral
 exploration properties in Canada.

Peacock Inc. of Montreal, wholly owned by Weir Group PLC of Scotland,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Curtis Hoover Ltd.,
 consisting of its general repair machine shop, hydraulic and hydraulic
 pump jack business in Edmonton and Fort St-John, B.C.

Queensland Holdings Inc. of Hamilton, owned by residents of Saudi
 Arabia, to acquire control of the business carried on by Clarkson Gordon
 Inc., in its capacity as interim receiver and manager of property located
 at 7 and 9 Roanoke Rd., North York, Ont., known as Horizon House.

SCOA Canada Inc. of Montreal, controlled by SCOA SA of France, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Groupe Pharmaceutique Focus
 Inc. of Montreal, which distributes and manufactures pharmaceutical
 products.

679483 Ontario Inc. of Toronto, wholly owned by Mining & Allied
 Investments Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the businesses carried
 on by 400187 Ontario Ltd. of Timmins, Ont., which is a holding company,
 and Hugh J. O'Neill Co. Ltd. of Timmins, which sells mining and milling
 supplies to the mining industry and to pulp and paper, lumber and steel
 mills.

226603 Investments Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., owned by a resident
 citizen of Monaco, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Clarkson Gordon Inc., in its capacity as interim receiver and manager of
 property located at 77 St. Clair Ave. W., Toronto, known as The Towne.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Auto Insider Service Inc. of North Hollywood, Fla., to establish a
 business at Vancouver to market advertising programs for automobile
 dealers to be distributed to members of financial institutions, credit
 unions and other associations.

Dole & Bailey Inc. of Woburn, Mass., to establish a business at
 Montreal to engage in wholesale food distribution.

Eurodelle Inc. of Switzerland to establish a business at Montreal to
 distribute and wholesale foot- care and related products.

Farley Gold Inc. of New York to establish a business at Toronto to be
 engaged in the exploration and development of mining claims.

Hudson Bay Gold Inc. of New York to establish a business at Toronto to
 engage in the exploration and development of mining claims.

Microtel Ltd. of the United States to establish a business at Kanata,
 Ont., to develop, manufacture and market key digital voice-data telephone
 systems.

Norsk Hydro AS of Norway to establish a business at Becancour, Que. to
 operate a magnesium extraction plant.

Adherence Group (Canada) Inc.-Le Groupe Adherence (Canada) Inc. of
 Dover, Del., to establish a business at Montreal to provide consulting
 services relating to the shipping industry.

Volker Stevin Dredging and Services Canada Ltd. and Volker Stevin
 Contracting Ltd. of the Netherlands to establish a business at Calgary to
 provide a variety of services to the energy industry as well as to the
 local population of the Western Arctic.

World Comnet Inc. of Irvine, Calif., to establish a business at Toronto
 to develop and distribute worldwide airline travel reservtions systems and
 to manufacture related terminals and printers.
 Acquisitions:

A-P-A Transport Corp. of North Bergen, N.J., to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Sanborn's Motor Express Ltd. of Armdale, N.S.,
 Transport Motorise Sanborn Quebec Inc./Sanborn's Motor Express, Quebec
 Inc. of Dorval, Que. and O'Donnell's Express Ltd. of Saint John and
 Moncton, N.B., all of which are in the general motor carrier transport
 business.

Armak Chemicals Ltd. of the Netherlands to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Monsanto Canada Inc., consisting of its paper
 chemicals business in Toronto, which sells paper chemicals.

Canadian General Electric Ltd., of the United States to acquire control
 of the business carried on by McNeil Pharmaceuticals (Canada) Ltd.,
 consisting of its Technicare Canada division of Concord, Ont., which
 manufactures, markets, sells and installs medical diagnostic imaging
 equipment.

Conagra International (Canada) Ltd. of Omaha to acquire control of
 Later Chemicals Ltd. of Richmond, B.C., which formulates and distributes
 commercial agricultural chemicals.

Cummins Engine Co. Inc. of Columbus, Ind., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by 124747 Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which remanufactures
 diesel engines and related components.

Hazelton Laboratories America Inc. of Herndon, Va., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Med Check Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont.,
 which is engaged in patch testing and evaluates the effectiveness of cough
 and cold over-the-counter medications.

Medical Personnel Pool (Canada), Ltd. of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., to
 acquire control of the business carried on by AB Personnel Pool Ltd. of
 Calgary, which provides medical, clerical and industrial personnel
 services.

Micro-Phonics Technology International Corp. of the United States to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Data Terminal Mart (1981)
 Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which is engaged in the franchising of retail
 stores to sell and service business computer systems and related hardware
 and support products.

Minit Canada Ltd. of Switzerland to acquire cntrol of the business
 carried on by National Key Canada Ltd. of New Hamburg, Ont., which retails
 and engraves personal gift items (tankards, pens, key rings, etc.) and
 duplicates keys.

Nelson Aggregate Co. of France to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Waynco Ltd. of Cambridge, Ont., which is engaged in the
 removal, processing, distribution and sale of sand and gravel products.

Niwot Corp. of Longmont, Col., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Anderle Tool Inc. of Port Coquitlam, B.C., which
 manufactures and sells specialized automotive tools.

150935 Canada Inc. of Singapore to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Multi Purpose Machine & Tool Co. of North York, Ont., which
 manufactures machine parts and tools.

152250 Canada Inc. and 685160 Ontario Inc. of France to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Nixon Plate Coils Ltd. of Gormley, Ont.,
 which manufactures and distributes heat transfer equipment.

Ryobi Canada Ltd. of Japan to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Galt Wood Tools Ltd. of Cambridge, Ont., which manufactures power
 tools.

Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. of New York to acquire control
 of the business carried on by J. N. Fauver (Canada) Ltd. of Windsor, which
 distributes pneumatic and hydraulic equipment for industrial applications.

686697 Ontario Inc. of Toronto to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Hackett's Part of Your Game Ltd. of North York, Ont., which
 retails athletic and leisure clothing, footwear, accessories and racquets.

Sketchley Cleaning Services Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Crow Cleaners Ltd. of Toronto, which provides dry
 cleaning and laundering services.

Michael H. Smith of Piedmont, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by ATS Inc., consisting of its Sylvan Gardens
 Apartment Complex of Burnaby, B.C.

United States Tobacco International Holding Co. Ltd. of Greenwich,
 Conn., to acquire control of the business carried on by National Tobacco
 Co. Ltd. of Montreal, which distributes tobacco products.

WICOR Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Pumptron Industries Inc. of Ajax, Ont., which
 manufactures, assembles, and distributes water systems and irrigation
 pumps.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                     October 22, 2000 Sunday Final Edition

Who bought what in 2000

SOURCE: The Province

BYLINE: Tony Wanless and Ashley Ford

SECTION: Money; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 219 words

Some samples of B.C. technology deals:

PMC-Sierra -- Year 2000

Jan. 20: Acquires Toucan Technology of Ireland for 150,000 shares.

March 3: Acquires Extreme Packet Devices of Kanata, Ont., for $415 million US in
shares.

March 3: Acquires AANetcom, of Allentown, Pa., for 4.8 million shares.

June 14: Acquires Malleable Technologies of San Jose, Calif., for 1.25 million
shares.

June 28: Acquires B.C.'s Datum Telegraphic for 681,000 shares.

July 11: Acquires Nasdaq-listed Quantum Effect Devices for $2.3 billion US in
shares.

Sept. 26: Acquires SwitchOn Networks of California for $450 million US in
shares.

Pivotal Corp. -- Year 2000

April 12: Acquires Exactium Ltd. of Atlanta for $43 million US.

May 31: Acquires Simba Digital Conversations of Vancouver for 550,000 shares.

Oct. 5: Acquires Project One Business Technologies, a Vancouver health-care
solutions provider.

CREO Products -- Year 2000

Jan. 18: Acquires digital preprinter Scitex Corp of Israel for shares worth $537
million US.

Feb. 10: Invests $25 million in U.S. graphic arts supplier printCafe.

May 31: Acquires Intense Software of Vancouver for $16 million US in cash and
stock.

June 6: Acquires Carmel Graphics Systems of Toronto for $8.5 million US in cash
and stock.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 1, 2014 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

DEALS OF THE DAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 150 words


Here's a look at all the deals around the leagues at Thursday's trade deadline.

Tigers acquire David Price, the Mariners acquire Austin Jackson and the Rays
acquire Nick Franklin, Drew Smyly, Willy Adames.

A's acquire Jon Lester, Jonny Gomes from Red Sox for Yoenis Cespedes

Cardinals acquire John Lackey and Corey Littrell from Red Sox for Allen Craig,
Joe Kelly

Yankees acquire Stephen Drew from Red Sox for Kelly Johnson and Yankees also
acquire Martin Prado from D-Backs for Peter O'Brien.

Marlins acquire Jarred Cosart, Enrique Hernandez, Austin Wates from Astros for
Jake Marisnick, Colin Moran, Francis Martes and a 2015 competitive balance pick

Braves acquire Jeff Russell and Emilio Bonifacio from Cubs for Victor Caratini

Nationals acquire Asdrubal Cabrera from Indians for Zach Walters

Twins acquire Tommy Milone from A's for Sam Fuld

Orioles acquire Andrew Miller from Red Sox for Eduardo Rodriguez

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC;LIST;STAND ALONE GRAPHIC, David Price

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              50 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 4, 1986 Tuesday

9 foreign proposals approved by agency

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1180 words


Nine foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

American & Efird Mills Inc. of Mount Holly, N.C., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Fils a Coudre Allied Threads Inc. of Montreal,
 which packages and distributes sewing threads and other sewing and cutting
 room supplies.

Grosvenor International Canada Ltd. of Vancouver, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Grosvenor International Holdings Ltd., which is owned by
 Grosvenor Estate Holdings of Britain, Trumpet Co. Ltd. of Bermuda and
 Compact International Inc. of the Bahamas, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Adams Properties Group Ltd., consisting of its
 Hudson's Bay Parkade and its office building at 698 Seymour St. of
 Vancouver.

North Sydney Associates of Toronto, a limited partnership controlled by
 U.S. citizens, to acquire control of the business carried on by North
 Sydney Mall of North Sydney, N.S., which operates a shopping mall.

Nova Realty Associates Limited Partnership (ultimately owned by
 American Express Co. of New York), to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Nova Corp., consisting of its property located at 801
 Seventh Ave. S.W. of Calgary, an office building, conference centre and an
 underground parking area.

Scottish Insurance Corp. Ltd. of Scotland, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 General Accident Fire and Life Assurance Corp. PLC, also of Scotland, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Pilot Insurance Co. of
 Toronto, which is a property and casualty insurance company primarily
 writing personal lines.

Sears World Trade Inc. of Washington, D.C., which is owned by Sears
 Roebuck and Co. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Hagemeyer (Canada) Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., which imports and
 distributes food products.

Thyssen-MAN Aufzuege GmbH of West Germany, to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Northern Elevator Ltd. of Scarborough, Ont.,
 which sells and installs passenger and freight elevators, Northern
 Elevator Services Ltd. of Scarborough, which services elevators, and
 Elevator Components Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures elevator
 components.

Tyco Laboratories Inc. of Exeter, N.H., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by ITT Industries of Canada Ltd., consisting of the
 ITT Grinnell division of Toronto, which distributes pipes, fittings and
 other mechanical construction supplies.

Weat Point-Pepperell Inc. of West Point, Ga., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Cluett Peabody Canada Inc. and Textile Improvements
 Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures apparel and receives royalties from
 trademark licencing.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Argyll Group PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Distillers Co. (Canada) Ltd., Norman Gilcrist Ltd., A. F.
 Vigneux & Sons Inc. of Toronto, which distribute wine and distilled
 spirits and Tanqueray Gordon & Co. (Canada) Ltd. of Waterloo, Ont., which
 distributes gin.

Canada Liquid Air Ltd. of France, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by ICG Gaz Liquide Ltee of Longueuil, Que., which warehouses,
 sells and distributes gases and welding supplies.

CII Boston Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Walbar of Canada Inc., Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures
 precision machined jet-engine turbine blades and vanes, compressor
 airfoils and related specialized tooling.

CPAC Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Hoover Canada Inc. of Burlington, Ont., which maintains a manufacturing
 and warehousing facility for the production of floor care and laundry
 products.

Domino's Pizza Distribution Corp. of Ann Arbor, Mich., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by 60479 Manitoba Ltd., consisting of a
 warehouse facility in Winnipeg, which wholesales food and restaurant
 equipment.

Hemscheidt America Corp. of Pittsburgh, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Cape Breton Offshore Fabricators Ltd. of Sydney,
 N.S., which is engaged in the fabrication of Hemscheidt roof shield
 supports used in underground mining.

Parker-Hannifin Corp. of Cleveland, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Schrader Bellows (Canada) Inc. of Toronto, which
 manufactures and sells pneumatic automation products.

Procter & Gamble Co. of Cincinnati, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by G. D. Searle & Co. of Canada Ltd., consisting of a part of
 its health care products assets in Oakville, Ont., which manufactures and
 sells health care products.

Ridgeway Natural Gas of Calgary, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Ridgeway Resorces Ltd. of Calgary, which is involved in the
 brokerage and management of gas purchase and sale agreements.

Ryder System Inc. of Miami, Fla., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Aviall (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which operates a wholesale
 and retail outlet for general aviation services, parts and supplies.

635055 Ontario Ltd. (U.S.A.), to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Memtek Corp. of Ottawa, which manufactures reverse osmosis
 equipment for filtration of liquids.

Steel Bros. Canada Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Burke Canada Inc. of Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver, which
 sells and rents concrete accessory products.

Ultramar Canada Inc. of Britain, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Les Petroles Morier Enrg. of St-Jean-Baptiste de Rouville,
 Que., which retails home heating oil.

CanadianOxy Insurance Management Inc. of Calgary to establish a new
 business at Toronto and Calgary to negotiate and obtain offers to provide
 insurance required by Canadian Occidental Petroleum Ltd. and its
 subsidiaries.

E.D.S. of Canada Ltd. (U.S.A.), to establish a new business at Whitby,
 Ont., to provide data processing and computer related services.

Global Shipping ApS of Denmark, to establish a new business at Montreal
 to provide freight forwarding services.

Kverneland A/S of Norway, to establish a new business at Drummondville,
 Que., to wholesale and distribute both imported and domestic farm
 equipment.

Nippon Columbia Co. Ltd. of Japan, to establish a new business in
 Markham, Ont., to distribute home and car stereo products.

Norwegian Petroleum Consultants A.S. of Norway, to establish a new
 business at St. John's, Nfld., to provide consulting enegineering and
 project management services for the petroleum industry.

Sando Industries Ltd. (U.S.A.), to establish a new business at
 Vancouver to operate a precious metal refinery.

Security & Emergency Systems of Canada Ltd., Chicago, to establish a
 new business at Toronto to assemble, sell and install cellular telephones
 and cellular security systems.

Sietam SA of France, to establish a new business at Cambridge, Ont., to
 manufacture and install industrial painting equipment, conveyors and
 handling equipment.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 27, 1979 Saturday

FIRA gives approval   to 16 alien proposals

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 784 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ON


OTTAWA (DJ) - The federal Government in its latest rulings by the
 Foreign Investment Review Agency on projects by non-Canadians, has
 approved 16 such ventures and rejected four.

Rejected were:
    - A proposal by Welcome Wagon International Inc. of Memphis to acquire
 control of Welcome Wagon Ltd. of Toronto, a greeting service company
 controlled by Gillette Co. of Boston;
    - A proposal by Paradyne Corp. of Largo, Fla., to form a computer data
 transmission company in Toronto;
    - A proposal by Rio Algom Ltd. of Toronto, which is controlled by Rio
 Tinto-Zinc Corp. of Britain, to acquire control of Renown Steel and
 Service Ltd., a Toronto distributor of flat-rolled carbon steel;
    - A proposal by Ceco Corp. of Chicago to form a business in Canada to
 do concrete formwork.

Among projects approved by the Government were:
    - A proposal by Commercial Enclosed Fuse Co. of Toronto, ultimately
 controlled by Gould Inc. of Rolling Meadows, Ill., to acquire control of
 the electric fuse manufacturing business of Appleton Electric Ltd. of
 Cambridge, a unit of Appleton Electric Co. of the United States;
    - A proposal by Computerized Automotive Reporting Service Inc. of
 Birmingham, Ala., to form a business in Toronto to provide data
 processing services to automotive dealerships;
    - A proposal by Consolidated Chemex Corp. of Cinnaminson, N.J., to
 acquire control of CCI Products Ltd. of Vancouver that makes vehicle
 cleaning equipment and related chemical products;
    - A proposal by Eugene Rowland, a U.S. citizen, to acquire certain
 assets of Bulora Corp. Ltd. of Toronto;
    - A proposal by Kennametal Inc. of Latrobe, Pa., to acquire control of
 Craig Bit Co. of North Bay, Ont., a manufacturer of drill bits add
 associated equipment;
    - A proposal by Metal Textile of Canada Inc. of Hamilton, Ont., a
 subsidiary of Ciba-Geigy Ltd. of Switzerland to acquire the metal textile
 operation of Gencab of Canada Ltd. of Hamilton, a unit of GK Technologies
 Inc. of Greenwich, Conn.;
    - A proposal by R Hoe Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., a subsidiary
 of R Hoe and Co. of the United States to form a business in Vancouver to
 import and later make various cutting equipment including saws and
 blades;
    - A proposal by Scottish Co-ordinated Investments Ltd., which is
 controlled by British and Commonwealth Shipping Co. of Britain, to
 acquire control of Jenkins Business Interiors Ltd. of Oshawa, Ont., an
 office equipment firm.
   Rejected were:
    - A proposal by Welcome Wagon International Inc. of Memphis to acquire
 control of Welcome Wagon Ltd. of Toronto, a greeting service company
 controlled by Gillette Co. of Boston;
    - A proposal by Paradyne Corp. of Largo, Fla., to form a computer data
 transmission company in Toronto;
    - A proposal by Rio Algom Ltd. of Toronto, which is controlled by Rio
 Tinto-Zinc Corp. of Britain, to acquire control of Renown Steel and
 Service Ltd., a Toronto distributor of flat-rolled carbon steel;
    - A proposal by Ceco Corp. of Chicago to form a business in Canada to
 do concrete formwork.

Among projects approved by the Government were:
    - A proposal by Commercial Enclosed Fuse Co. of Toronto, ultimately
 controlled by Gould Inc. of Rolling Meadows, Ill., to acquire control of
 the electric fuse manufacturing business of Appleton Electric Ltd. of
 Cambridge, a unit of Appleton Electric Co. of the United States;
    - A proposal by Computerized Automotive Reporting Service Inc. of
 Birmingham, Ala., to form a business in Toronto to provide data
 processing services to automotive dealerships;
    - A proposal by Consolidated Chemex Corp. of Cinnaminson, N.J., to
 acquire control of CCI Products Ltd. of Vancouver that makes vehicle
 cleaning equipment and related chemical products;
    - A proposal by Eugene Rowland, a U.S. citizen, to acquire certain
 assets of Bulora Corp. Ltd. of Toronto;
    - A proposal by Kennametal Inc. of Latrobe, Pa., to acquire control of
 Craig Bit Co. of North Bay, Ont., a manufacturer of drill bits add
 associated equipment;
    - A proposal by Metal Textile of Canada Inc. of Hamilton, Ont., a
 subsidiary of Ciba-Geigy Ltd. of Switzerland to acquire the metal textile
 operation of Gencab of Canada Ltd. of Hamilton, a unit of GK Technologies
 Inc. of Greenwich, Conn.;
    - A proposal by R Hoe Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., a subsidiary
 of R Hoe and Co. of the United States to form a business in Vancouver to
 import and later make various cutting equipment including saws and
 blades;
    - A proposal by Scottish Co-ordinated Investments Ltd., which is
 controlled by British and Commonwealth Shipping Co. of Britain, to
 acquire control of Jenkins Business Interiors Ltd. of Oshawa, Ont., an
 office equipment firm.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                October 3, 2012

                              Aker Exploration ASA

                               sor trondelag 7011
                                     Norway

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Norwegian Energy Company To Acquire 20% Interest In PL492 Offshore Norway From
Lundin And Det norske

   Date: 7/4/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske oljeselskap Completes Acquisition Of 20% Interest In PL 550 And PL
551 From Spring Energy

   Date: 5/9/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Petoro To Acquire Additional 18% Interest In Jette Field, Norway North Sea From
Det norske

   Date: 5/30/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske oljeselskap Acquires 10% Stake In PL 531 From RWE Dea Norge

   Date: 3/19/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Government of Norway To Award Exploration Interests In Nine Licenses To Det
norske oljeselskap

   Date: 1/17/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske Completes Private Placement Of Shares For $91.2 Million

   Date: 8/31/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Capital Acquires 11.6% Stake In Det Norske Oljeselskap From DNO
International

   Date: 8/17/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


North Energy Acquires 15% Interest In PL 450

   Date: 7/5/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Svenska Petroleum Acquires 20% Interest In Licenses PL554 And PL554B In Norway

   Date: 4/7/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske oljeselskap To Sell 10% Interest In Oil Blocks To Centrica Resources

   Date: 3/14/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske To Acquire 10% Stake In PL438 In Barents Sea

   Date: 3/8/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Faroe Petroleum Acquires Additional 20% Interest In Clapton License

   Date: 8/17/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske Sells 5% Stake In PL 468 Dovregubben Prospect To GDF SUEZ

   Date: 9/8/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Repsol Completes Acquisition 40% Stake In License PL 356 From Det norske

   Date: 6/3/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske Acquires 10% Stake In PL 392 From Shell

   Date: 2/19/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske oljeselskap Merges With Aker Exploration

   Date: 8/24/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske Acquires 13% Interest In Production Licenses 027D And 169C

   Date: 12/14/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


DNO International Sells 9.24% Stake In Det Norske Oljeselskap To Aker

   Date: 10/12/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Acquires 40% Interest In License 028 From ExxonMobil
Exploration and Production Norway

   Date: 7/15/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det Norske Acquires 10% Interest In PL 102 From StatoilHydro

   Date: 10/13/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Acquires 18.2% Stake In Det Norske Oljeselskap

   Date: 5/11/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske Acquires Stake In PL038 From Talisman Energy In A Swap Agreement

   Date: 2/16/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Talisman Acquires Stake In PL490 And PL491 From Det norske In A Swap Agreement

   Date: 2/16/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Norwegian Energy Company To Merge With Det norske oljeselskap

   Date: 2/3/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Sector Asset Management Acquires 11.9% Interest In Det norske oljeselskap From
DNO International

   Date: 1/7/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


VNG Norge Acquires 30% Interest In Oil And Gas Prospects From Det norske

   Date: 8/11/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det Norske Sells 10% Interest In Production License 316

   Date: 10/23/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det Norske Sell Its 15% Interest In Goliat Discovery

   Date: 8/28/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


StatoilHydro Acquires 15% Stake In Goliat Field Production Licenses From Det
Norske Oljeselskap

   Date: 10/13/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Acquires 30% Interest In PL463S License From Det norske
oljeselskap

   Date: 8/25/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske Acquires 12.5% Stake In PL460 From Aker Exploration

   Date: 8/25/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Lundin Petroleum Sells Its 70% Interest In License PL103B To Det norske
oljeselskap

   Date: 3/14/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske Merges With NOIL Energy

   Date: 7/24/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration To Acquire 25% Interest In License PL 469

   Date: 7/1/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Acquires Additional Interest In Norwegian North Sea License

   Date: 4/17/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Completes Acquisition Interest In License 259 And License 256
From Eni Norge

   Date: 10/17/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Acquires 30% Interest In PL 304 Aegis Exploration Well From
Lundin Petroleum And Endeavour Energy

   Date: 12/27/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Completes Public Offering

   Date: 12/3/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Pertra ASA Merges With Det Norske Oljeselskap

   Date: 10/9/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det Norske Oljeselskap Completes Offering Of $24.67 Million

   Date: 6/20/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske oljeselskap Sells 30% Interests In PL263 And PL263B To Bayerngas
Norge

   Date: 3/20/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Acquires Seabed Logging Data From ElectroMagnetic GeoServices

   Date: 3/30/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Acquires 15% Interest In PL 321 From Pertra

   Date: 12/22/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det norske oljeselskap Completes Private Placement Of $73.38 Million

   Date: 6/12/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration AS Acquires 20% Interest In License PL 321 From Talisman Energy


   Date: 6/14/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Completes Private Placement Of $149.1 Million

   Date: 12/14/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Aker Exploration Completes Private Placement Of Convertible Bond For $74.63
million

   Date: 12/14/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Pertra Acquires 30% Interest In PL 337 From Marathon Oil

   Date: 9/5/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Pertra Completes $91.17 Million Private Placement

   Date: 9/14/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Pertra Completes $7.65 Million Public Offering

   Date: 10/3/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


PA Resources Enters Into Farm-In Agreement With DNO

   Date: 1/19/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.


Det Norske Oljeselskap Completes Farm-Out Agreement With PA Resources

   Date: 1/19/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Noreco), an oil and gas company, agreed to
acquire a 20% interest in license PL492 located in the Barents Sea, Norway, from
Lundin Norway AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lundin Petroleum AB, and Det
norske oljeselskap ASA, an oil and gas company.

The PL492 is located in the western Barents Sea, on the southwestern corner of
the Loppa High, Norway. The primary target in the license is sandstone
reservoirs in the Triassic interval.

Under the terms of the agreement, Noreco will acquire 10% interest in the
license each from Lundin and Det norske.

Following the transaction, Lundin and Det norske will hold 20% interest each in
the PL492, while RWE Dea AG and Talisman Energy Inc. continue to own 30%
interest and 10% interest, respectively.

The transaction is subject to approval of Norwegian authorities.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *


                                        Investments




 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012


                              53 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 5, 1987 Tuesday

FOREIGN INVESTMENT

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 1263 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
  Seven foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
Investment Canada .

Approved are plans by:
   BNE Capital Corp. of Boston to acquire control of the business carried
on by Commercial Credit Corp. Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which leases
cars, vans and light trucks on a long-term basis.

Canadian General Electric Co. Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by General
Electric Co. of Fairfield, Conn., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Corod Manufacturing Ltd. of Nisku, Alta., which designs and
manufactures continuous sucker rod systems for pumping oil wells.

Cie des Machines Bull of France to acquire control of the business
carried on by Honeywell Ltd. of Toronto, consisting of its Information
Systems division in Willowdale, Ont., which markets electronic data
processing and communications systems, provides maintenance services for
hardware and software products and provides systems development,
consulting, contract programming and related computer services.

Connell Industries of Boston to acquire control of the business carried
on by Algoma Contractors Ltd. of Sault Ste. Marie, Ont., which operates
under a processing agreement to provide Algoma Steel Corp. Ltd. of Sault
Ste. Marie with various services including recovery of metals from slag,
crushing and screening of slag and removing and cleaning furnace linings.

Hercules Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., wholly owned by Hercules
Inc. of Wilmington, Del., to acquire control of the business carried on by
Devron-Hercules Inc., Devron-Hercules Electronics Ltd., and Devron-
Hercules Manufacturing Ltd. of North Vancouver, B.C., which designs,
manufactures and installs advanced process control and automation
equipment used in the manufacture of paper-making machines, and Teratec
Systems Inc. of North Vancouver, which provides marketing services to the
above companies.

National Supply Co. Inc. and Oilwell Inc. of Houston, to acquire
control of the businesses carried on by Armco Canada Ltd., consisting of
its National Supply division of Calgary, which manufactures and
distributes drilling and well control equipment and provides related
service and repair, and USS Oilwell Supply Co. Ltd. of Calgary, which
manufactures and distributes oil and gas production equipment and sells
tubular products and drilling equipment and supplies.

Reliance Acquisition Corp. of Cleveland to acquire control of the
businesses carried on by Reliance Electric Ltd. of Stratford, Ont., which
manufactures and sells industrial motor drives and systems, engineered
systems, mechanical drive systems and components, industrial and retail
scales, engineered weighing systems and products and hardware components
for the telephone industry; Reliance Electric Canada Ltd. of Mississauga,
Ont., which manages and co-ordinates the activities of Reliance Electric
Ltd.; and Masstron Scale Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., which markets
industrial scales and related services.
  Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:
   FMP-Rauma Co. of Birmingham, Ala., to establish a business in Toronto
to design, manufacture and install woodyard machinery and equipment used
by the forest products industry.

Metrix Warehouse Canada Inc. of the United States and West Germany to
establish a business in Toronto to distribute and sell automobile parts
and accessories.

Nordisk Gentofte AS of Denmark to establish a business in Mississauga,
Ont., to import, market, distribute and sell insulin and related products.

Polymont Corp. of Dearborn, Mich., to establish a new business in
Windsor to develop automation-robotics systems.

Acquisitions:
   Alberta Natural Gas Co. Ltd. to acquire control of the business carried
on by Rankin Holdings Ltd. of Calgary, which is engaged in various aspects
of the natural gas liquids business.

Stanley Works of New Britain, Conn., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Acmetrack Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., which manufactures and
distributes sliding and bi-fold door hardware and closet door panels.

Ultramar Canada Inc. of Montreal to acquire control of the business
carried on by Petro Labrador Ltd. of St. John's, Nfld., which supplies
petroleum products to central and coastal Labrador.

Union Carbide Canada Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business
carried on by Borstad Welding Supplies Ltd. of Prince George, B.C., which
sells packaged industrial glass, welding equipment, supplies and
consumables and provides therapy oxygen equipment and services to home
care patients.

Welbilt Corp. of New Hyde Park, N.Y., to acquire control of the
businesses carried on by L&M Manufacturing Co. Ltd. of Downsview, Ont.,
and 660895 Ontario Ltd., known as Food Machinery Engineering of Concord,
Ont., both of which manufacture and market commercial bakery equipment.

W. R. Grace & Co. of New York to acquire control of the business
carried on by First New York Corp. of London, Ont., which creates,
prepares and distributes meals and other edible food preparations, most of
which will be cooked utilizing the so-called "sous vide" process.

JKS Boyles International Inc. to acquire control of the business
carried on by Major Holdings Inc. of Moncton, which is an investment
company holding minority interest in corporations in drilling and related
businesses.

Marshall Earth Resources Ltd. to acquire control of the business
carried on by Florence Enterprises Ltd., consisting of the Atlin Inn in
Atlin, B.C., which provides hotel, food and beverage services.

Motorola Ltd. of Schaumburg, Ill., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Communication Expert de l'Estrie Inc. of Sherbrooke, Que.,
which provides communications services.

National Electric Coil Ltd. to acquire control of the business carried
on by Polygon Industries Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures transformers
and welding equipment, and Polygon Realty Ltd. of Toronto, which is a
realty company.

Performance Contracting Group Inc. of Charlotte, N.C., to acquire
control of the business carried on by PCI Performance Contracting Ltd. of
Edmonton, which provides subcontracting services to the construction
industry.

Primo Foods Ltd. to acquire control of the business carried on by
Facchin Foods Co. Ltd. of Edmonton, which produces pasta and related
products.

Canada Cement Lafarge Ltd. to acquire control of the business carried
on by Goodbrand Ready Mix & Aggregates Ltd. of Aldergrove, B.C., which
produces concrete.

Compo Machinery Corp. of Lowell, Mass., to acquire control of the
business carried on by Compo Shoe Machinery Corp. of Canada Ltd.,
Montreal, which sells and services shoe machinery, parts and supplies to
shoe manufacturers, and Compo Leasing Inc. of Montreal, which leases shoe
machinery to manufacturers.

Dresser Industries Inc. of Dallas to acquire control of the business
carried on by Halliburton Services Ltd., consisting of its IMCO Operations
of Calgary, which produces and markets drilling fluids and drilling fluid
systems.

Federal-Mogul Corp. of Detroit to acquire control of the business
carried on by S.I. Switches Inc. of Toronto, which imports and distributes
automotive products.

Hussmann Store Equipment to acquire control of the business carried on
by Escan Metal Inc. of Saint-Laurent, Que., which manufactures and sells
steam and electric cooking equipment.

Ingram Software Inc. of Buffalo to acquire control of the business
carried on by Ingram Software Ltd. of Concord, Ont., which wholesales
microcomputer software, accessories and peripheral products.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 8, 2005 Tuesday

Wish list focuses on fixing flooding

BYLINE: BRIDGET HALL GRUMET

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 758 words


Coming up with a list of flood-prone properties in Pasco County was easy. Coming
up with the money to buy them all will be the challenge.

The County Commission will get its first glimpse today of a list of Pasco
flooding mitigation projects - mostly buyouts of flooded properties - in line
for federal funding.

The list includes 21 projects totaling $3.5-million. But the county might  get
the funding for only about six projects totaling $1.2-million.

County officials are pressing for more. Pasco's share of federal Hazard
Mitigation Grant Program dollars is based on the amount of federal aid received

 after last year's hurricanes. But Pasco officials say not all of their aid has
been counted.

"We're confident our allocation will go up, but we have no idea how much "up'
is," said Michele Baker, the county's director of emergency management.

The grant program pays for making drainage improvements, retrofitting existing
buildings or buying flood-prone properties to prevent  flooding. The  federal
government covers 75 percent of the cost, with the county covering the rest in
most cases.

Based on the damage from last year's storms, the  federal government figures
Pasco is entitled to $23,544 for Hurricane Charley, $433,471 for  Frances and
$459,242 for Jeanne.

Add in the county's 25 percent contribution, and about $1.2-million in projects
could be done.

But the county's list of projects is $3.5-million strong. The No. 1 priority:
adding culverts and ditches near Chancey Road and Sandy Drive at a cost of
$823,000 to prevent flooding in the streets and homes of Southport Springs in
Zephyrhills.

Priority No. 2: adding hurricane window treatments to the 300-plus windows at
the Baldomero Lopez State Veterans' Home in Land O'Lakes for $26,000.

The remaining 19 projects are home buyouts across the county. Eight are in
Zephyrhills, and six are in Hudson. In some cases, removing the homes could
allow for using those properties as retention areas.

"I certainly have no real expectation of getting every project on this list,"
Baker said. "What the state asked of us was to submit projects for 150 to 200
percent of our funding allocation. It is our hope there will be counties that
won't be able to use their money, and that money will become available for
reallocation to counties that do have projects in the pipeline."

The commission will decide today whether to change any of the priorities before
putting in for the funding. As with most kinds of federal disaster aid, the
county must do the projects first, then get reimbursed.

Bridget Hall Grumet covers Pasco County government. She can be reached in west
Pasco at 869-6244 or toll-free at 1-800-333-7505, ext. 6244. Her e-mail address
is bhall@sptimes.com.

FLOOD PREVENTION PROJECTS

Proposed projects for federal flood mitigation funding, as ranked by Pasco
County's Hazard Mitigation Committee:

1. Add culverts and drainage ditches at Chancey Road/Sandy Drive in Zephyrhills:
$823,000.

2. Add hurricane window treatment at Baldomero Lopez State Veterans' Home in
Land O'Lakes: $26,000.

3. Acquire home at 36800 Sunshine Road in Zephyrhills: $154,900.

4. Acquire home at 36820 Sunshine Road in Zephyrhills: $117,500.

5. Acquire home at 36816 Sunshine Road in Zephyrhills: $183,500.

6. Acquire home at 12212 Suave Lane in Hudson: $220,532.

7. Acquire home at 3715 New River Road in Wesley Chapel: $245,753.

8. Acquire home at 14741 10th St. in Dade City: $78,120.

9. Acquire home at 3352 Sandy Drive in Zephyrhills: $107,500.

10. Acquire home at 15838 Lyle Circle in Hudson: $94,726.

11. Acquire home at 12508 Sherman Drive in Hudson: $267,500.

12. Acquire home at 17701 Thomas Blvd. in Hudson: $90,537.

13. Acquire home at 16234 Tomahawk St. in Hudson: $56,231.

14. Acquire home at 17641 Thomas Blvd. in Hudson: $106,305.

15. Acquire home at 9340 Yellow Lake Drive in New Port Richey: $203,406.

16. Acquire home at 38847 Daughtery Road in Zephyrhills: $45,977.

17. Acquire home at 4829 Seaberg Road in Zephyrhills: $116,333.

18. Acquire home at 36709 Thompson Lane in Zephyrhills: $148,395.

19. Acquire home at 8614 Wire Road in Zephyrhills: $179,157.

20. Acquire home at 12442 Green Oak Lane in Dade City: $175,658.

21. Acquire home at 1147 Grand Blvd. in Holiday: $115,180.

TOTAL COST: $3,556,213

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              55 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   June 21, 2000 Wednesday NATIONAL EDITIONS

From Russia to France in three generations

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: CANADA; Pg. C07, New Media Giant Facing Brave New
World: Milestones: In the History of Seagram

LENGTH: 370 words


1924 Samuel Bronfman, son of a Russian immigrant tobacco farmer, forms
Distillers Corp. in Montreal.

1928 Acquires Joseph E. Seagram & Sons Ltd., founded in 1857, and forms
Distillers Corp.-Seagrams Ltd.

1934 Launches Seagram's V.O. Canadian Whisky and Seagram's 7 Crown American
Whisky as Prohibition ends in the U.S.

1949 Acquires Chivas Brothers Ltd

1952 Acquires G.H. Mumm & Cie and Perrier-Jouet S.A. (Champagne).

1954 Acquires Barton & Guestier SA (wine).

1955 Commissions Ludwig Mies van der Rohe to build landmark Seagram Building to
house New York headquarters.

1958 Opens Glen Keith Distillery -- the first malt whisky distillery opened in
Scotland since the 19th century.

1963 Acquires oil & gas properties from Texas Pacific Coal and Oil Co.

1971 Sam Bronfman dies at 80. Sons Charles and Edgar Sr. in charge.

1975 Changes name from Distillers Corp.-Seagrams Ltd. to The Seagram Co. Ltd.

1978 Acquires The Glenlivet Distillers.

1980 Acquires Geo. G. Sandeman Sons & Co. Sells Texas Pacific's U.S. oil and gas
properties for US$2.3- billion.

1981 Acquires major stake in Conoco Inc. for $2.6-billion and tenders shares to
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. for a 20.2% interest in DuPont.

1985 Launches Seagram's Coolers in U.S.

1987 Buys French cognac maker Martell & Cie. for $1.2-billion.

1988 Acquires Tropicana Products Inc.

1993 Announces plans to acquire up to 15% of Time Warner Inc. Launches Glenlivet
18-year-old single-malt scotch whisky.

1994 Edgar Jr., becomes chief executive. Acquires distribution rights to Absolut
vodka in U.S. and major international markets.

1995 DuPont redeems shares owned by Seagram, netting Seagram US$7.7-billion.
Acquires 80% of Universal Studios Inc. for US$5.7-billion.

1998 Seagram combines Universal's domestic TV production business and its USA
Networks with HSNi. The result is USA networks, Inc. in which Seagram has a 45%
equity interest. Sells Tropicana to PepsiCo for US$3.3-billion in cash. Acquires
PolyGram N.V. for US$10.4-billion. Universal Music Group and PolyGram merge to
create the world's largest music company.

2000 Agrees to US$34-billion merger with Vivendi and Canal Plus of France.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: A bottle of Chivas Regal whisky.The Canadian Press

TYPE: Business; Chronology

                    Copyright 2000 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              56 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 20, 1986 Thursday

Agency approves 25 proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 953 words


Twenty-five foreign investment proposals have been approved after review
 by Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Boeing Co. of Seattle to acquire control of the business carried on by
 de Havilland Aircraft of Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures
 aircraft and related products.

Investment Canada also said it has been advised of the following
 investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given for these
 transactions, but federal approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Amoco Canada Petroleum Co. Ltd. of Calgary to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Canadian Hunter Exploration Ltd., Domtar Energy
 Inc. and Bluesky Oil & Gas Ltd., consisting of Well CanHunter et al Wapiti
 14-11-66 together with the petroleum and natural gas rights underlying S/2
 and NW/4 of Section 2, E/2 of Section 10, W/2 of Section 11, SW/4 of
 Section 14, all in Township 66, Range 8 W6M, Alta.

CF Financial Investments of Norristown, Pa., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Premier Dental (Canada) Ltd. of Scarborough, Ont.,
 which sells and distributes dental products.

Computer Entry Systems Corp. of Silver Springs, Md., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by General Instrument of Canada Ltd.,
 consisting of a portion of its Business Systems Division of Mississauga,
 Ont., which is engaged in the sale and service of remittance processing
 and credit cards.

Dakota Development Co. Ltd. of Switzerland to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Kelly Deyong Sound Corp. and Kelly's Stereo Mart
 Franchise Ltd., known as Kelly's Electronic World of Vancouver, which
 retails stereos, televisions, videos and related equipment.

Derby Enterprises Inc. of San Diego to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Jalisco Agencies Ltd. of Vancouver, which is engaged in the
 marketing of Mexican goods.

Domino's Pizza Distribution Corp. of Ann Arbor, Mich., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by 552981 Ontario Ltd. of Hyde Park,
 Ont., which wholesales food and restaurant equipment.

Hudson General Aviation Services Inc. of the United States to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Quebec Sol Services Ltee, which
 offers specialized maintenance and ground-handling services to airlines
 and airport operators at the Quebec International Airport.

Imperial Oil Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business carried
 on by R. C. Murphy Services Ltd., consisting of its Murphy's Esso service
 station at Musquodoboit Harbour, N.S.

Industrial Brush Corp. of Pomona, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by FMC of Canada Ltd., consisting of its Industrial
 Brush operations of Brampton, Ont., which manufactures and sells
 industrial brush products and ancillary parts.

Industrial Equity Ltd. of Australia, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Tozer Kemsley & Millbourn (Canada) Ltd. and Glenway Builders
 Ltd. of Toronto, which are engaged in photo processing, office equipment
 sales and real estate development activities.

New Zealand Dairy Board of Wellington to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Trans- Continental Distributors Ltd. of Vancouver,
 which imports and sells food products.

Philips-Lau Products Ltd. of Dayton, Ohio, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Krueger Air (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which
 manufactures grilles, registers, air diffusers and other air control
 devices.

RPN Acquisition Corp. of Chicago to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Ryder/P-I-E Nationwide Ltd. of Toronto, which provides
 services as a motor carrier of general commodities.

Safety-Kleen Canada Ltd. of Montreal to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Schofield Oil Ltd., consisting of the portion of its Canam
 Solvent Service Division located in Quebec, which is engaged in the parts
 washer service business.

Scantronic Holdings PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Contronic Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures
 electrical components and security systems.

S. C. Johnson and Son Ltd. of the United States, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Oral-B Laboratories Inc., consisting of its
 Dermatological Product Division of Mississauga, Ont., which sells a
 dermatological product line.

S. S. I. Medical Services Inc. of Batesville, Ind., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by SSI Medical Services of Canada Ltd. of
 Longueuil, Que., which markets special purpose medical equipment.

Hoffman Diamond Products Ltd. of Punxsutawney, Pa., to establish a
 business at North Bay, Ont., to sell and distribute industrial diamond
 products.

ICOM America Inc. of Bellevue, Wash., to establish a new business at
 Richmond, B.C., to distribute and service electronic communications
 equipment.

Kunz Holding GmbH & Co. KG of West Germany, to establish a new business
 at Mont-Laurier, Que., to construct and operate a fibre-glass factory.

Machine Tool Works Oerlikon-Buhrle Ltd. of Switzerland, to establish a
 new business at Montreal that will engage in the production of defence
 products, including air defence and anti-tank missile systems and
 accessory equipment.

Nortionwide Legal Services Inc. of Hartsdale, N.Y., to establish a new
 business at Windsor, Ont., to engage in the designing, marketing and
 administering of legal service plans.

Sonat Offshore Drilling Inc. of Houston, to establish a new business at
 Dartmouth, N.S., to engage in the drilling of oil and gas in waters
 offshore Canada.

Sunnygold Australia Pty. Ltd. of Melbourne, to establish a new business
 at Niagara Falls to import dried fruits.

Voplex-Happich Corp. of the United States and West Germany, to
 establish a new business at Woodstock, Ont., to manufacture, assemble and
 sell automotive parts.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            January 11, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

All quiet on Blades' trade front

BYLINE: Cory Wolfe, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 927  words


Thursday's Western Hockey League trade deadline proved to be a yawner for the
Saskatoon Blades.

When coach-GM Lorne Molleken emerged from his war room at Credit Union Centre
shortly after the 4 p.m. cutoff, he had no earth-shattering news. Despite a long
day of phone bartering, Molleken didn't pull the trigger on any deals.

"I'm tired. I haven't slept. It's time to go home to bed," said Molleken, whose
team travelled overnight after posting a 2-0 victory Wednesday in Red Deer.

"We had some interest in some of our older players, but for the most part, teams
were playing against each other to see what was out there."

Molleken had declared 18-year-old winger Colton Gillies "untouchable," but
there's little doubt that teams inquired about Saskatoon's overage forwards,
Chris Durand and Ondrej Fiala. However, after trading 19-year-old captain Justin
McCrae to the Spokane Chiefs earlier in the week, Molleken said he was wary of
creating a leadership vacuum.

"We still need some leadership with older players to guide our younger guys
along. With Durand, Fiala and (defenceman John) Flatters as our overage guys,
they all bring something a little bit different to the hockey club as far as
their leadership skills and their skills on the ice.

"We're looking to move forward now and I know from talking to all three of those
guys, they're relieved that it's over and they're staying in Saskatoon."

The Blades (14-25-2-1) remain 18 points out of a playoff spot. The silver lining
in this stinker of a season is that Saskatoon might nab two of the top six picks
in this spring's bantam draft. The Blades have their own first-round pick as
well as the Prince George Cougars' (from the Devin Setoguchi trade last season),
and the Cougars' record (13-28-1-0) is even worse than the Blades'. Saskatoon
also owns two second-round picks.

"I really believe we need to build through the draft," said Molleken. "We've
started the process. We're in the middle of a rebuilding situation and we feel
that we have a pretty good mix on our hockey club right now.

"We're surprised and disappointed to be where we're at. That was part of the
reasoning in moving Justin McCrae. We had an opportunity to bring in two younger
players who have some offensive upside."

Only one of those new players, 18-year-old forward Chris Langkow, will be a
full-time Blade for the rest of the season. Winger Burke Gallimore, who turned
17 this week, is expected to finish the season with the Edmonton-based Gregg
Distributors, who lead the Alberta Midget Hockey League with a 20-2-4 record.
However, Gallimore will more than likely be called up for a game here and there.

"Our plan is to bring up some of our younger players and give them an
opportunity to play a little bit at this level," said Molleken.

The Blades did make one roster move Thursday, reassigning 18-year-old forward
Jordan Braid to the SJHL's Kindersley Klippers. The Saskatoon native registered
one assist and 22 penalty minutes in 29 games.

cwolfe@sp.canwest.com

WHL TRADES

THURSDAY'S DEALS:

- Edmonton acquires LW Brennan Sonne, 20, from Red Deer for a 2009 seventh-round
bantam pick.

- Brandon acquires D Matt McCue, 19, from Chilliwack for a 2009 fourth-round
bantam pick.

- Prince George acquires D Cody Hobbs, 18, from Chilliwack for a 2008
seventh-round bantam pick.

- Spokane acquires D Trevor Glass, 19, from Medicine Hat for 2008 third-round
bantam pick and a 2010 second-round bantam pick.

- Swift Current acquires G Mark Guggenberger, 18, from Portland for a 2009
conditional bantam pick.

- Portland acquires RW Phil Gervais, 17, from Vancouver for a 2009 fifth-round
bantam pick.

- Kootenay acquires D Eric Frere, 19, from Calgary for a 2008 fifth-round bantam
pick.

- Swift Current acquires D Jesse Dudas, 19, and RW Catlin Foley, 15, from Prince
George for G Ian Curtis, 17.

PREVIOUS TRANSACTIONS:

- Kelowna acquires RW Brent Ottmann, 19, from Prince Albert for a conditional
2009 bantam pick. (Ottmann is playing in the SJHL with Nipawin.)

- Swift Current acquires D Bretton Stamler, 20, from Edmonton for a 2008
third-round bantam pick.

- Regina acquires RW Ryan DePape, 19, from Regina for LW Jared Jagow, 19, and a
2008 third-round bantam pick.

- Vancouver acquires D R.J. LaRochelle, 20, from Swift Current for a 2009
eighth-round bantam pick.

- Lethbridge acquires D Jeff May, 20, from Prince Albert for LW Brent Martin,
15, C Robbie Ciolfi, 16, and a 2008 second-round bantam pick.

- Kootenay acquires D Zach Sim, 19, from Prince Albert for a 2008 fifth-round
bantam pick.

- Tri-City acquires D Nolan Toigo, 18, from Vancouver for conditional 2009
sixth-round bantam pick.

- Spokane acquires C Justin McCrae, 19, from Saskatoon for C Chris Langkow, 18,
RW Burke Gallimore (turned 17 Tuesday) and a conditional third-round bantam pick
in 2009.

- Moose Jaw acquires D Ty Wishart, 19, C Evan Fuller, 19, and a 2008 third-round
bantam pick from Prince George for C Justin Maylan, 16, RW Brad Riege, 18, and a
2008 first-round bantam pick.

- Chilliwack acquires D Matt Strong, 17, from Red Deer for LW Colby Kulhanek,
18.

- Regina acquires D Ryan Bender, 20, and D Victor Bartley, 19, from Kamloops for
D Nick Ross, 18, D Spencer Fraipoint, 19, and a 2008 fourth-round bantam pick.

- Regina acquires D Dallas Jackson, 18, from Red Deer for LW Troy Ofukany, 20,
and D Juraj Valach, 18.

- Calgary acquires Brock Nixon and a 2008 sixth-round bantam pick from Kamloops
for C Devon Kalinski, 17, and a 2008 second-round bantam pick.

- Regina acquires RW J.D. Watt, 20, and C Scott Doucet, 19, from Red Deer for C
Cody Gross, 18, and RW Brett Miller, 16.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 10, 2013 Thursday

BURKE BETS: HIS MOST NOTABLE TRADES COMPILED

BYLINE: PAUL ATTFIELD

SECTION: SPORTS; HOCKEY / MAPLE LEAFS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 586 words


Nov., 2008 - Leafs obtain F Lee Stempniak from St. Louis for F Alex Steen and D
Carlo Colaiacovo.

Jan., 2009 - Leafs obtain F Brad May from Anaheim for conditional sixth-round
draft pick in 2010 draft.

Jan., 2009 - Leafs obtain F Ryan Hamilton from Minnesota for F Robbie Earl.

March, 2009 - Leafs trade F Nik Antropov to New York Rangers for second-round
pick in 2009 draft and a conditional draft pick.

March, 2009 - Leafs trade F Dominic Moore to Buffalo for second-round pick in
2009 draft.

March, 2009 - Leafs acquire G Olaf Kolzig, D Jamie Heward and D Andy Rogers,
along with a 2009 fourth-round pick, for D Richard Petiot.

July, 2009 - Leafs acquire D Garnet Exelby and F Colin Stuart from Atlanta for D
Pavel Kubina and F Tim Stapleton.

Aug., 2009 - Leafs acquire F Wayne Primeau and 2011 second-round pick from
Calgary for D Anton Stralman, F Colin Stuart and a seventh-round pick in 2012
draft.

Aug., 2009 - Leafs trade G Justin Pogge to the Anaheim Ducks for a conditional
draft pick in 2011.

Sept., 2009 - Leafs obtain F Phil Kessel from the Boston Bruins for the Leafs
2010 first- and second-round picks and the Leafs' 2011 first-round pick.

Dec., 2009 - Leafs acquire F Philippe Paradis from Carolina in exchange for F
Jiri Tlusty.

Jan., 2010 - Leafs acquire D Dion Phaneuf, F Fredrik Sjostrom and D Keith Aullie
from the Calgary Flames in exchange for F Matt Stajan, F Niklas Hagman, F Jamal
Mayers and D Ian White.

Jan., 2010 - Leafs acquire G J.S. Giguère from Anaheim Ducks in exchange for G
Vesa Toskala and F Jason Blake.

March, 2010 - Leafs obtain F Luca Caputi and D Martin Skoula from Pittsburgh for
F Alexei Ponikarovsky.

March, 2010 - Leafs acquire fifth-round draft pick in 2010 from New Jersey for D
Martin Skoula.

March, 2010 - Leafs acquire D Matt Jones, a fifth-round draft pick and a
seventh-round draft pick in 2010 from Phoenix for F Lee Stempniak.

March, 2010 - Leafs pick up a seventh-round draft pick in 2011 from Anaheim in
exchange for G Joey MacDonald.

June, 2010 - Leafs acquire F Mike Brown from Anaheim for a fifth-round pick in
2010.

June, 2010 - Leafs acquire F Kris Versteeg and F Bill Sweatt from Chicago for F
Viktor Stalberg, F Chris DiDomenico and F Philippe Paradis.

Feb., 2011 - Leafs acquire F Joffrey Lupul, D Jake Gardiner and a conditional
fourth-round pick in 2013 from Anaheim in exchange for D Francois Beauchemin.

Feb., 2011 - Leafs trade F Kris Versteeg to Philadelphia for first- and
third-round picks in 2011.

Feb., 2011 - Leafs obtain F Aaron Voros from Anaheim for a conditional
seventh-round pick in 2011.

Feb., 2011 - Leafs trade D Tomas Kaberle to Boston for F Joe Colborne, Boston's
first-round draft pick in 2011 and a conditional draft pick.

Feb., 2011 - Leafs trade F John Mitchell to the New York Rangers for a
seventh-round draft pick in 2012.

June, 2011 - Toronto acquires D John-Michael Liles from Colorado for a
second-round draft pick in 2012.

July, 2011 - Leafs acquire D Cody Franson and F Matthew Lombardi from Nashville
for D Brett Lebda and F Robert Slaney. The trade also includes a conditional
fourth-round pick in 2013 draft.

Oct., 2011 - Leafs acquire F David Steckel from New Jersey for a fourth-round
pick in 2012.

Jan., 2012 - Leafs acquire F Nicolas Deschamps from Anaheim for F Luca Caputi.

Feb., 2012 - Leafs acquire F Carter Ashton from Tampa Bay for D Keith Aulie.

Feb., 2012 - Leafs acquire D Mark Fraser from Anaheim for Dale Mitchell.

June, 2012 - Leafs acquire F James van Riemsdyk from Philadelphia for D Luke
Schenn.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 23, 1989, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ACQUIRE CORP. ACQUIRES TWO SUPPLIERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 254 words


The Acquire Corp., a motivational training company based in north St. Louis
County, has bought two of its former suppliers.  Acquire President Tony Hitt
announced that the company had purchased TLC Tax & Accounting Service Inc. and
Mailtech Inc. The two companies are now divisions of Acquire. Terms of the
transaction were not disclosed.  Acquire is a distributor of motivational
training material produced by SMI International of Waco, Texas.  TLC provided
accounting services for Acquire. Mailtech provided direct mail services.  Tona
Court, the former owner of the companies, has been named executive vice
president of Acquire.  Acquire, which formerly operated from an office in West
Port Plaza, has moved into the TLC and Mailtech offices at 47 Village Square
Executive Centre in Hazelwood.  With the addition of the two divisions, Acquire
has 35 employees. The company's annual billings are about $1.1 million.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              60 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 26, 1986 Wednesday

Six takeovers are allowed by Ottawa

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 657 words


Six foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Conoco Canada Ltd. of Calgary, a wholly owned subsidiary of Conoco Inc.
 of Houston, to acquire control of the business carried on by Ocelot
 Industries Ltd. of Calgary, consisting of certain oil and gas producing
 properties in Alberta.

AP Industries Inc. of Toledo, Ohio, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Thrush Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures automotive
 exhaust systems.

Cummins Americas Inc. of Columbus, Ind., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Cummins Quebec Quebec Ltd. of Pointe Claire, Que.,
 which sells and services Cummins rebuilt diesel engines and parts and
 components for Cummins engines.

Indal Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Rio Tinto- Zinc Corp. PLC of
 Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Brampton
 Foundries Ltd. of Brampton, Ont., which manufactures aluminum castings.

Jimberlana Minerals NL of Australia, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Pamour Porcupine Mines Ltd. of Timmins, Ont., which produces
 gold, copper and silver.

Shorewood Packaging Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Shorewood Packaging Corp. of Canada Ltd., Toronto,
 which produces multi-colored paperboard packaging containers.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions, but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Almatex Inc. (USA) to acquire control of the business carried on by CIL
 Inc., consisting of its wood finishes business in Toronto, which
 manufactures and sells coatings and finishes for wooden products.

Gelco Express Ltd. (USA) to acquire control of the business carried on
 by 113697 Canada Ltd., consisting of its TLC Courier Services of Toronto,
 which operates a small parcel courier service.

Gelco Express Ltd. (USA) to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Grant's Messenger Service Ltd. of Edmonton, which operates a small
 parcel services business.

Honeywell Amplitrol Inc. (USA), to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Ace Alarms & Electronic Systems Ltd. of Montreal, which
 sells, installs and monitors alarm security equipment.

Midcon Corp. of Lombard, Ill., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Cotton Petroleum Corp., which owns oil and gas properties in
 Alberta, British Columbia and Saskatchewan.

Motorola (USA), to acquire control of the businessa carried on by Abbey
 Communication Systems Ltd., consisting of its communications business in
 Toronto.

OMI International (Canada) Inc. (USA), to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Canadian Metal Finishing Ltd., consisting of its
 Sel-Rex business in Toronto, which manufactures, sells and services
 proprietary electroplating technology.

Reed Stenhouse Associates Ltd. (USA), to acquire control of the
 business carried on by B.V. Armstrong & Associates (Consultants and
 Actuaries) Ltd. of Calgary, which provides benefits consulting services.

Regin Properties Ltd. of West Germany, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Conquistador Investments Ltd. of Toronto, which
 owns real estate.

W.H. Smith Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Carlton Cards Ltd., consisting of 10 retail greeting card and gift
 stores in Nova Scotia, Ontario and Saskatchewan.

Martin Marietta Corp. of Bethseda, Md., to establish a new business at
 Ottawa to operate a high technology business relating to air traffic
 control, space, defence, electronics and information and communications
 systems.

Moss Rosenberg Verft AS of Norway, to establish a new business at St.
 John's to be involved in the offshore service industry.

Steinberg Inc. of Montreal and Price Co. of San Diego, Calif., to
 establish a new business at Montreal to operate a wholesale cash and carry
 membership-only business.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      March 14, 2001, Wednesday, Edition 1

KEN CAMPBELL RATES THE TRADES

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 590 words


St. Louis acquires LW Keith Tkachuk from Phoenix

 for C Michal Handzus, LW Ladislav Nagy, C Jeff Taffe

and a first-round pick in 2001 or 2002.

The skinny: Taffe, who led the U.S. in scoring at the world junior, apprently
clinched the deal. Now perhaps Tkachuk will get out of the first round and the
Coyotes will get out of their black financial hole.

Montreal acquires C Trevor Linden, LW Dainius Zubrus

and a second-round pick in 2001 from Washington

for RW Jan Bulis, RW Richard Zednik and a first-round pick .

The skinny: The red-hot Capitals get grittier, the moribund Canadiens get
younger and more talented.

Ottawa acquires C Mike Sillinger from Florida

for a third-round pick in 2001 or 2002.

The skinny: Sillinger continues his quest to play

for every team in the league and will be a boon to the Senators in the faceoff
circle and on the penalty kill.

Ottawa acquires D Curtis Leschyshyn from Minnesota

for a third-round pick in 2001 and a conditional pick in 2002.

The skinny: Leschyshyn won a Cup with Colorado in 1996, but

has played just six playoff games since. Gives Ottawa much-needed depth on
defence.

Buffalo acquires RW Donald Audette from Atlanta for

C Kamil Piros and a fourth-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: Audette has made his deal with the devil and

is having a career year and the Sabres are banking on it continuing.

Buffalo acquires LW Steve Heinze from Columbus

for a third-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: Heinze instantly becomes a top-five scorer

for the Sabres and will help the power play.

St. Louis acquires LW Cory Stillman from Calgary

for C Craig Conroy and a seventh-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: The Flames couldn't get Michael Peca,

so they got the poor man's version of him.

Florida acquires C Kevyn Adams and a conditional pick

in 2001 or 2002 from Columbus for C Ray Whitney.

The skinny: Whitney will have to come back from the

dead before reporting to Columbus.

Pittsburgh acquires D Franitsek Kucera from Columbus

in exchange for a sixth-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: Who needs a proven goalie when you have

Kucera and Bobby Dollas playing in front of you?

Toronto acquires D Aki Berg from Los Angeles for

LW Adam Mair and a second-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: Can Berg revive his career under Quinn?

Phoenix acquires D Todd Simpson from Florida for a

second-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: Coyotes get much tougher on the blueline.

Philadelphia acquires LW Dean McAmmond from Chicago

for a third-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: Gives the Flyers more depth at forward for playoffs.

Edmonton acquires D Sven Butenschon from Pittsburgh

for LW Dan LaCouture.

The skinny: We think this is a great deal for both teams and

might be the sleeper trade of all of them made at the deadline. Then again,
maybe not.

Ottawa acquires D Craig Millar from Tampa for C John Emmons.

The skinny: Both were spare parts for their teams.

Dallas acquires D Grant Ledyard from Tampa Bay

for a seventh-round pick in 2001.

The skinny: Former Star on move for the ninth time in his career.

Washington acquires D Jason Marshall from Anaheim

for D Alexei Tezikov and a fourth-round choice in 2001.

The skinny: Marshall was the No. 6 defenceman in Anaheim,

Tezikov a marginal NHL prospect.

Philadelphia gets C Matt Herr from Washington

for D Dean Melanson.

The skinny: Appreciated only by the most die-hard hockey geek.


LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              62 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 12, 1986 Thursday

Ottawa approves five proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 1705 words


Approved are plans by:

Hagemeyer (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, owned by Hagemeyer NV of the
 Netherlands and Hagemeyer & Sears World Trade (Holdings) Inc. of
 Washington, to acquire control of the business carried on by Lloyd's
 Electronics Ltd. of Toronto, which imports, warehouses, distributes and
 sells at the wholesale level electronic home entertainment products.

Imperial Oil Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Exxon Corp. of New York, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Metro Fuel Co. Ltd. of
 Moncton, N.B., which distributes gasoline, diesel fuel, and heating fuel
 oil; Metro Marine Transport and Terminals Ltd., Metro Mart Ltd.,
 Commercial Petroleum Gas Bars Ltd., Atlantic Trucking Co. Ltd., Laurelle
 Development Ltd., and Metro Oil Co. Ltd., consisting of a portion of its
 petroleum products business in Moncton, which provides storage, marketing
 and distribution facilities to Metro Fuel Co. Ltd.

Kings Entertainment Co. of Kings Island, Ohio, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Canada's Wonderland Ltd. of Maple, Ont., which
 operates a seasonal theme park.

Lancaster Colony Canada Inc. of Toronto, wholly owned by Lancaster
 Colony Corp. of Columbus, Ohio, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Rubbermaid Canada Inc., consisting of its Automotive division in
 Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures vinyl, rubber and carpeted car floor
 mats.

Paine Webber Capital Inc. of New York to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Work Wear Corp. of Canada Ltd., La Corporation Work
 Wear du Quebec and Ella Skinnner Uniforms Ltd. of Toronto, which
 manufactures, sells and rents work garments; rents mats, towels and
 linens; and operates laundry facilities with respect to the products that
 it rents.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Allied Products Corp. of Chicago to establish a business at Regina to
 be engaged in warehousing and distributing agricultural implements and
 spare parts.

Chesebrough-Pond's (Canada) Inc. of the United States to establish a
 business at Markham, Ont., initially to distribute and, at a later date,
 to manufacture shoes, footwear and related products.

Flexitallic Services Inc. of Deer Park, Tex., to establish a business
 at Oakville, Ont., to provide manufacturing repair services.

F/N Group Inc. of Oak Park, Mich., and Fischbach and Moore of Canada
 Ltd. of Toronto to establish a business in Toronto to provide electrical
 and mechanical consulting services.

Geophysical Co. of Norway AS to establish a business at Calgary to be
 engaged in geophysical data acquisition, processing and interpretation and
 the sale of hardware and software for the interpretation of geophysical
 data.

Indenticam Systems Canada Ltd. of the United States to establish a
 business at Toronto to import, distribute and sell equipment, supplies and
 accessories to be used in conjunction with identification systems.

JKL Development Trading Co. Ltd./Cie d'Expansion du Commerce JKL Ltee
 (Canada and Taiwan) to establish a business at Montreal to import, export
 and distribute hardware, leather goods, containers and other items.

Kamyr Installations Inc. of Glens Falls, N.Y., to establish a business
 at St. Laurent, Que., to provide general contracting services.

Mila Beslag AS of Denmark to establish a new business at Mississauga,
 Ont., to distribute window and door hardware products.

Nomis Aviation Inc./Aviation Nomis Inc. of the United States to
 establish a business at Pointe Claire, Que., to provide aircraft brokerage
 and aviation consulting services.

Prosperity Equities Ltd. of Hong Kong and Indonesia to establish a
 business at Burnaby, B.C., to retail Japanese-manufactured luxury
 automobiles.

Reiter Petroleum Inc./Petroles Reiter Inc. of the United States to
 establish a business at Montreal to be engaged in the brokering of bunker
 and diesel fuels for the shipping industry.

Rockford Acromatic Products Co. of Rockford, Ill., to establish a
 business in Toronto to distribute automotive products.

Sing Tak Investments Ltd. of Vancouver to establish a business in
 Vancouver to be engaged in land acquisition and development.

Vibro-Meter International of Switzerland and Nouvelet Inc. of Montreal
 to establish a business at Montreal to make and sell electrical capacity
 measuring devices and to conduct related research and development.

Warren Alloy Valve & Fitting Co. Inc. of Houston to establish a
 business at Cambridge, Ont., to wholesale pipes, valves, fittings, flanges
 and related products.

Westinghouse Plasma Systems Canada Inc. of the United States to
 establish a business at Niagara Falls, Ont., to sell chemical treatment
 systems and processes.

Acquisitions:

Amer-O-Matic Corp. of Silver Spring, Md., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Laser Data Systems Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 is engaged in sales and services of remittance processing and credit
 cards.

Becton Dickinson Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Deseret Canada Inc. and Warner Lambert Canada
 Inc., consisting of its Deseret business in Scarborough, Ont., which
 manufactures, imports, distributes and services intravenous and operating
 room products and cardiovascular devices.

Eugene P. Berg, Charles P. Berg, Kenneth West and Robert Bell of the
 United States to acquire control of the business carried on by Precision
 Spring of Canada Ltd., consisting of its Springs division of Kingsville,
 Ont., which manufactures coiled helical compression springs and produces
 engine valve springs.

Canada Cement Lafarge Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Manitoulin Dolomite Inc. of Toronto, which is
 engaged in the quarrying, processing, distribution and sale of crushed
 stone products.

Cargill Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Evergreen Ag Services Ltd. of Kamsack, Sask., which produces
 and sells anydrous ammonia.

Donald B. Daniels of Olympia, Wash., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Mini Self Storage Park Ltd. of Sidney, B.C., which operates
 a mini-storage warehouse.

Fulcrum II Limited Partnership of the United States to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Rival Manufacturing Co. of Canada Ltd.,
 Mississauga, Ont., which imports and distributes small household
 appliances.

Gehl Co. of West Bend, Wis., to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Keith Industries Inc. of Winnipeg, which produces and markets
 combine attachments.

Gelco Express Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by TNT Canada Inc., consisting of the TNT Messenger
 division of its Kwikasair Express division in Calgary, which provides
 small parcel courier services.

Gelco Express Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Pronto Courier Services Ltd. of Toronto and Pronto
 Courier Services (Ottawa) Ltd. of Ottawa, which provide small parcel
 courier services.

Gianfranca Gritti of Italy to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Shatura Inc. of Toronto, which distributes restored European
 antiques and reproductions.

IMI PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Martonair (Canada) Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures and sells
 pneumatic control equipment.

Janblichus BV of the Netherlands to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Neo-Life Co. of Canada Ltd., Mississauga, Ont., which
 wholesales and retails vitamins and food supplements.

Jupiter Transportation Co. of Kenosha, Wis., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Dominion Auto Carriers (1982) Ltd. and Dominion
 Auto Transit (1981) Ltd. of Oakville, Ont., which are engaged in the
 transportation of new trucks and vehicles by driveaway throughout Canada.

JWT Group Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Hill and Knowlton (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which offers public
 relations counselling services.

Lift-Tech International Cranes & Hoists Inc. of the United States to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Dresser Canada Inc.,
 consisting of its Cranes & Hoists division of Cambridge, Ont., which sells
 and distributes cranes and hoists.

Lorimar-Telepictures Corp. of Culver City, Calif., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Bozell Jacobs Kenyon & Eckhardt Inc. of
 Montreal and Toronto, which is an advertising and public relations
 company.

Madison Management Group Inc. of the United States to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Hart & Cooley Ltd. of Oakville, Ont., which
 manufactures heating, ventilation and air movement equipment and
 accessories.

Milcan Enterprises Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Lehndorff United Properties (Canada) Ltd., Trave Holdings
 Ltd., Havel Holdings Ltd., and 498374 Ontario Ltd., consisting of their
 commercial rental property at 385-389 Yonge St., Toronto.

Nutri-System Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Nutri- System Canada Ltd. of Vancouver and Old
 Laurel Investments Ltd. of Markham, Ont., which operate weight-loss and
 weight-control centres.

Premetalco Inc. of West Germany to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Acrow-Richmond Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures and
 distributes concrete forming hardware and concrete accessory and
 construction products.

Royal Technologies USA Inc. of Pawtucket, R.I., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by FLI-Wire & Cable Inc. of Lachine, Que., which
 warehouses and sells electric wire and cable products.

SKW Acquisition Corp. of Troy, Mich., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by the S. K. Wellman Co. of Canada Ltd., Concorde,
 Ont., which manufactures, distributes and sells friction materials.

Universal Foods Corp. of Milwaukee to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Uniflavor Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures food
 ingredients.

WMI Waste Management of Canada Inc., United States, to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Cole Equipment Rental Co. and Robran
 Construction Ltd., consisting of their refuse collection and hauling
 business in Grimsby, Ont.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 6, 1986 Thursday

Investment Canada approves 5 proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B17

LENGTH: 931 words


Five foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Allied-Signal Inc. of Morristown, N.J., to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by several Canadian subsidiaries of Allied Corp. of
 Morristown and several Canadian subsidiaries of Signal Cos. Inc. of La
 Jolla, Calif.

Bow River Pipe Lines Ltd. of Calgary, controlled by Koch Industries
 Inc. of Wichita, Kan., to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Lone Rock Resources Ltd. of Calgary, which is engaged in the exploration
 for oil and natural gas in Alberta, British Columbia, and Saskatchewan.

C&D Power Systems Canada Inc. of New York to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Allied Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., consisting
 of its C&D Power Systems division in Perth, Ont., which manufactures
 industrial wet cell storage batteries and battery chargers for industrial
 applications as well as standby batteries for emergency power use.

Philip Morris Cos. Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by General Foods Inc. of Toronto and its wholly owned
 subsidiary, Hostess Food Products Ltd. of Cambridge, Ont., which
 manufactures food and beverage products.

R. J. Reynolds Industries Inc. of Winston-Salem, N.C., to acquire
 control of Nabisco Brands Ltd. of Toronto and its operating subsidiaries:
 Nabisco Brands Canada Ltd., which distributes and sells consumer and pet
 food products; Associated Biscuits of Canada Ltd., which manufactures,
 distributes and sells biscuits and confectionery; Jean Demers Inc., which
 distributes and sells pet food products; McGuiness Distillers Ltd., which
 produces and distributes alcoholic beverages; Acadian Distillers Ltd.,
 which distributes alcoholic beverages; Mimico Warehousing Co. Ltd., which
 provides warehousing services; Calona Wines Ltd., which produces and
 distributes alcoholic beverages; Dickson's Food Services Ltd., which
 manufactures, distributes and sells consumer products; and E. Harnois
 Ltd., which manufactures, distributes and sells biscuits.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Mary Kay Ash and Richard Rogers of Dallas to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Mary Kay Cosmetics Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 manufactures and sells cosmetic products.

Emhart Canada Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Allegheny International Canada Ltd., consisting of
 its True Temper Hardware division in Stoney Creek, Ont., which designs,
 manufactures and distributes hand tools and implements for lawns, gardens,
 and agricultural and construction uses.

Happy World Inc. of Japan to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Ocean Pound Inc. of Grand Manan, N.B., which operates a lobster pound.

Intrupa Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Dacon Electrical Manufacturing Inc. of Toronto,
 which manufactures electrical contacts.

Reliance Electric Co. of Cleveland to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Masstron Scale Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., which manufactures,
 distributes and services scales and related products.

Reynolds Aluminum Co. of Canada Ltd., a unit of Reynolds Metals Co. of
 Richmond, Va., to acquire control of the business carried on by Peter Eder
 Ltd. of Nepean, Ont., which distributes building materials.

Rorer Group Inc. of Port Washington, Pa., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by USV Canada Inc. of Mississauga, an ethical
 pharmaceutical business.

Simplex International Time Equipment Co. Ltd. of Mississauga to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Curtis Time Recording Systems Ltd.
 of Toronto, which sells and services time recording equipment products.

Thomas Built Buses LP of High Point, N.C., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Thomas Built Buses of Canada Ltd., Woodstock, Ont.,
 which manufactures school bus bodies.

Union Carbide Canada Ltd., a unit of Union Carbide Corp. of Danbury,
 Conn., to acquire control of the business carried on by Oxygene Cote-Nord
 (1969) Inc. of Sept.-Iles, Que., which distributes packaged industrial
 gases and welding supplies.

USPCI Inc. of Oklahoma to acquire control of the business carried on by
 PPM Canada Inc. of Regina, which is a waste management company.

VS Services Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Cory Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is an office sales and service
 business.

Waltec Inc. of Cambridge, Ont., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Canada Metal Co., consisting of its Forgings division in
 Toronto, which operates a forgings business.

Weyerhaeuser Canada Ltd., a unit of Weyerhaeuser Co. of Tacoma, Wash.,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Independent Horticultural
 Supplies Ltd. of Milton, Ont., which owns and operates greenhouses and
 plant nurseries.

AB Ventilatorverken of Sweden to establish a new business at
 Mississauga to assemble and sell portable heating and ventilation
 equipment.

Kyocera International Inc. of San Diego to establish a new business at
 Mississauga to distribute and service video systems and related products.

Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. of Ottawa to establish a new business
 at Toronto to provide property and casualty insurance.

Thornhouse Ltd. of Britain to establish a new business at Tantallon,
 N.S., to design and manufacture electronic equipment, primarily related to
 health care.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Acquire's ascendancy;
Job training

BYLINE: John Stensholt

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 1237 words


With an ASX listing on the cards, one company is unfazed by sector's storm
clouds.

It's 8.30 on a midweek morning and time for Acquire Learning's Big Dogs'
meeting.

Group managing director John Wall, 40, strides into a colourful boardroom packed
with his senior executive team, most of whom are of a similar age to the
enthusiastic entrepreneur.

Wall is the boss of Acquire Learning, a fast-growing business that has made a
fortune operating mostly in the vocational training sector.

But this is an industry that suddenly finds itself mired in controversy.

As documented extensively by The Australian Financial Review over the past
several months, the Australian Securities Exchange-listed Vocation has lost $350
million in market capitalisation, after an audit review by Victorian regulators
resulted in it being stripped of almost $20 million in state government funding.

Before going around the room asking what each person's "big rock" (or project)
is for the week, Wall is keen to boost the morale of the group, trying to allay
any concerns about the mud that might stick due to Vocation's problems.

"We're here to make our customers' lives better," Wall says, pointing out that
the company has at least four in-house lawyers to ensure compliance with
relevant acts and regulations. "We're here to grow and scale our business. No
one else is doing what we are doing. We want to get one million people into jobs
by 2020."

Whatever the concerns about the sector, Wall and his young team have built a
spectacular business that might float on the ASX in the first half of 2015, in a
transaction that could value Acquire between $500 million and $800 million.$85m
in earnings forecast

Street Talk this week reported that Acquire had engaged JPMorgan to consider a
pre-initial public offering funding round and that Acquire's 2014-15 financial
year forecast earnings will reach at least $85 million - a startling number for
a business that was established in July 2012. Profit margins are understood to
be 50 per cent to 60 per cent and staff numbers have trebled to 400 since
January.

Acquire has also attracted an all-star board, led by former AFL chief executive
Andrew Demetriou as chairman (Demetriou's nephew Tim is chief operations
officer) and including former Southern Cross Media Group chief financial officer
Peter Lewis, Nicole Sheffield, CEO of NewsLifeMedia and former South Australian
premier John Olsen.

Acquire's call centre and office buzzes with enthusiasm with workers bursting
into applause and constant encouragement for each other.Demetriou, who became
chairman in July, says he has been "flabbergasted" by the work ethic at Acquire
and that the team is doing "something really unique...and bloody smart".

Acquire helps to recruit and enrol students on behalf of training providers such
as private education businesses and TAFEs, in courses such as accounting, arts,
human resources, retail, nursing, and travel and tourism.

Acquire makes its money from sharing the fee that the federal government pays
the learning provider to educate the students, who take out loans through VET
FEE HELP (VET stands for vocational education and training) or FEE-HELP and HECS
systems.

Those fees can reach $6000 to $10,000 or more depending on the quality and
length of the course.Free services

But Acquire's big point of difference is the free services it provides to
clients both during study and after a course is completed, to place them in
jobs.

Yes, profits from putting students into study are so good they can offer free
services, but Wall stresses no other company is doing what Acquire does to help
people into study free, and then into work afterwards.

"Very early doors we recognised that education by itself was not enough to
change people's lives," Wall tells AFR Weekend in an interview alongside
Demetriou after the Big Dogs meeting. "It's a great start and it's important but
really it's the [jobs] outcome we really focus on."

Wall says Acquire is signing up about 3000-4000 people a month in education
courses around the country through its team of 80 career advisors, and is
helping another 1000 into jobs.

So-called "Career Champions" assist the more than 9000 "Rising Stars" that have
signed up to Acquire's non-accredited 12-week training program it also offers
for free. The Career Champions - "like a part-life coach, part-career coach,"
says Wall - support the clients through studies then help prepare CVs and
interviewing techniques. Career Hunters are then used to track down employers,
mostly small to medium enterprises, and find people jobs.

Demetriou says Wall, the son of a Perth horse trainer, is well aware of the
regulations governing the sector, having owned nine registered training
providers (RTOs) before joining Acquire in 2013.

Wall's friends Tim Demetriou, CEO Jesse Sahely and chief information officer
Damien Dau formed the business in 2012, after the market deregulated and the
Victorian government, in particular, championed a demand-driven system.Early
struggles, ongoing cloud

When the trio struggled initially, Wall, who had sold his Sugar International
business to Talent2 in 2010, provided some funding. He joined the business full
time last year and profits have quickly grown.

But there have been bumps along the way. Reports in News Ltd publications last
week said Acquire was under investigation by the national regulator, the
Australian Skills Quality Authority, for aggressive sales techniques and
unethical conduct.

Wall vehemently denies that is the case and he is technically correct.

A spokesman for ASQA confirms no investigation into Acquire, but only because it
is outside the authority's jurisdiction. "They are not an RTO so we can't
investigate directly, but we are in the process of or have already written to
the RTOs that have an arrangement with Acquire Learning to demonstrate to us how
they are meeting the requirements under the national standards," the spokesman
says.

The Consumer Action Law Centre in Melbourne has also expressed some concerned
about "cold-calling" practices and has received some complaints about Acquire
Learning.

"We take all regulation and compliance really seriously," Wall says in response,
also stressing the company provides no incentives for students to sign up.

Acquire is in the process of negotiating with industry participants and the
government about a voluntary code of conduct for the sector.

"Long before the Vocation stuff we were of the opinion that the industry needed
to have a code of conduct," Demetriou says. "Nobody wants rogues and we are at
the top of the tree in getting proactive in getting something up and running.
It's a poor reflection of the industry so the sooner we can come up with
something that is self-regulatory and voluntary to ensure that if you are a
rogue provider and want to run the gauntlet there's no place in the industry for
you."

But next for Acquire comes further expansion. A business employing 70 staff
under Tim Demetriou's leadership has been set up in London and Acquire has
engaged international consultants to investigate a move to the United States.

Wall says the company will prove to be a long-term success.

"The proudest thing about this business for me is that I'd be guessing 30 per
cent - 40 per cent of our team were Rising Stars. There's nothing better than a
former Rising Star that is now a Career Champion talking to another Rising Star
with the absolute belief this system works."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Acquire Learning's MD John Wall, left, and executive chairman
Andrew Demetriou. Photo: Patrick Scala

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 August 6, 2012

                         East Africa Resources Limited

                                      6000
                                   Australia

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Korea Resources To Acquire 50% Interest In Mkuju South Uranium Project In
Tanzania From East Africa Resources For $3.5 Million

   Date: 12/5/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Korea Resources Corporation, a mining company, entered into a heads of
agreement to acquire 50% interest in Mkuju South uranium project in Tanzania,
from East Africa Resources Limited, a uranium exploration company.

Under the terms of agreement, Korea Resources will initially acquire 28%
interest in the project by making a payment of $2m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during an initial exploration
programme to be undertaken over a period of one year from the time of the
signing of the final agreement. Korea Resources can acquire an additional 22%
interest in the project by spending $1.5m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during associated with the
second exploration programme in the second year. Further, Korea Resources will
earn right to acquire up to 100% of the uranium produced from the area which is
the subject of the prospecting right, on commercial arm's length terms to be
agreed between the parties.

The Mkuju South uranium project covering an area of 950 sq.kms located in the
southern region of Tanzania.


East Africa Resources Completes Private Placement Of $3.3 Million

   Date: 11/26/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Korea Resources Corporation, a mining company, entered into a heads of
agreement to acquire 50% interest in Mkuju South uranium project in Tanzania,
from East Africa Resources Limited, a uranium exploration company.

Under the terms of agreement, Korea Resources will initially acquire 28%
interest in the project by making a payment of $2m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during an initial exploration
programme to be undertaken over a period of one year from the time of the
signing of the final agreement. Korea Resources can acquire an additional 22%
interest in the project by spending $1.5m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during associated with the
second exploration programme in the second year. Further, Korea Resources will
earn right to acquire up to 100% of the uranium produced from the area which is
the subject of the prospecting right, on commercial arm's length terms to be
agreed between the parties.

The Mkuju South uranium project covering an area of 950 sq.kms located in the
southern region of Tanzania.


Austral Africa Resources To Acquire 100% Interest In Tanganyika Uranium

   Date: 11/24/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Korea Resources Corporation, a mining company, entered into a heads of
agreement to acquire 50% interest in Mkuju South uranium project in Tanzania,
from East Africa Resources Limited, a uranium exploration company.

Under the terms of agreement, Korea Resources will initially acquire 28%
interest in the project by making a payment of $2m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during an initial exploration
programme to be undertaken over a period of one year from the time of the
signing of the final agreement. Korea Resources can acquire an additional 22%
interest in the project by spending $1.5m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during associated with the
second exploration programme in the second year. Further, Korea Resources will
earn right to acquire up to 100% of the uranium produced from the area which is
the subject of the prospecting right, on commercial arm's length terms to be
agreed between the parties.

The Mkuju South uranium project covering an area of 950 sq.kms located in the
southern region of Tanzania.


Austral Africa Completes Non-Renounceable Rights Offering For $1.53 Million

   Date: 3/1/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Korea Resources Corporation, a mining company, entered into a heads of
agreement to acquire 50% interest in Mkuju South uranium project in Tanzania,
from East Africa Resources Limited, a uranium exploration company.

Under the terms of agreement, Korea Resources will initially acquire 28%
interest in the project by making a payment of $2m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during an initial exploration
programme to be undertaken over a period of one year from the time of the
signing of the final agreement. Korea Resources can acquire an additional 22%
interest in the project by spending $1.5m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during associated with the
second exploration programme in the second year. Further, Korea Resources will
earn right to acquire up to 100% of the uranium produced from the area which is
the subject of the prospecting right, on commercial arm's length terms to be
agreed between the parties.

The Mkuju South uranium project covering an area of 950 sq.kms located in the
southern region of Tanzania.


Austral Africa Completes Public Offering For $0.56 Million

   Date: 12/19/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Korea Resources Corporation, a mining company, entered into a heads of
agreement to acquire 50% interest in Mkuju South uranium project in Tanzania,
from East Africa Resources Limited, a uranium exploration company.

Under the terms of agreement, Korea Resources will initially acquire 28%
interest in the project by making a payment of $2m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during an initial exploration
programme to be undertaken over a period of one year from the time of the
signing of the final agreement. Korea Resources can acquire an additional 22%
interest in the project by spending $1.5m for the work obligations and
expenditure requirements of the prospecting right during associated with the
second exploration programme in the second year. Further, Korea Resources will
earn right to acquire up to 100% of the uranium produced from the area which is
the subject of the prospecting right, on commercial arm's length terms to be
agreed between the parties.

The Mkuju South uranium project covering an area of 950 sq.kms located in the
southern region of Tanzania.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *


Investments



 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012


                              66 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            Copyright 2017. SeeNews.
                              All Rights Reserved.
                www.seenews.com | www.world.seenews.com; e-mail:
                              editor@seenews.com.

                            SeeNews Company Profiles

                                  January 2017

                                   Krameks AD

                              12, Iliyantsi Blvd.
                                   Sofia 1220
                                    Bulgaria

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +359 2 938 4896, +359 2 938 3050
FAX: +359 2 837 5581
E-MAIL: krameks@krameks.com, krameks@sigma-bg.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: January 1, 1949
LEGAL FORM: Joint Stock Company

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



SUBSIDIARIES
NAME                                 PERCENTAGE
Transtur Krameks AD                  21.57

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



Board of Directors
NAME                     POSITION
Krasimir Pavlov Iliev    Chairman of the Board
Elena Stefanova Urumova  Member of the Board
Stoyan Iliev             Deputy-Chairman of the
Aleksandrov, a           Board
representative of
Aleksandrov I Sie EOOD
(Bulgaria)




Executive Board
NAME                     POSITION
Elena Stefanova Urumova  CEO
Mariana Atanasova        CFO

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE: Real Estate
COMPANY HISTORY: 1949 - The company is established, mainly as a crane
manufacturer.
July 30, 1999 - Bulgaria's Privatisation Agency sells 6.6% in Krameks AD.
Feb 3, 2000 - Milpit Invest & Trade Inc. (British Virgin Islands) acquires
36.79% in Krameks from Holding Coop Yug AD.
Dec 13, 2002 - Milpit Invest & Trade Inc. sells its share in Krameks to ET
Shopov - Stoyan Shopov.
Dec 20, 2002 - The Bulgarian pharmacy Aptechno Sliven AD acquires 10.46% in
Krameks on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange (BSE).
Jan 2, 2003 - Profitec Enterprise Ltd. acquires 15.16% in Krameks from Varna
komers AD.
July 28, 2003 - Sintermetali EOOD acquires 26.32% in Krameks.
Dec 1, 2003 - General Advisors Ltd. (Gibraltar) acquires 26.32% in Krameks from
Sintermetali.
Dec 22, 2003 - Viva Grup 05 EOOD acquires 10.46% in Krameks AD.
June 2, 2004 - Milpit Invest & Trade Inc. acquires 40.76% Krameks and Letishte
Plovdiv AD aquires another 22.65%.
Mar 7, 2005 - Milpit Invest & Trade and Letishte Plovdiv sell their stakes in
Krameks to a number of Bulgarian individuals.
Apr 29, 2005 - The Bulgarian real estate company Radino AD acquires 48.33% in
Krameks AD on the BSE.
May 3, 2005 - Aleksandrov & Co EOOD acquires 24.95% in Krameks.
June 13, 2005 - Radino AD makes a tender offer* to acquire a total 38,291 shares
owned by the minority shareholders in Krameks AD.
July 21, 2005 - The tender offer expires and Radino makes another one to the
minority shareholders in Krameks AD.
Sept 15, 2005 - The second tender offer expires and Radino acquires 2.07% in
Krameks. Road Design EOOD and Aleksandrov & Co also acquire 2.07% in Krameks
each.
Oct 19, 2005 - Radino AD makes a tender offer** to acquire a total 23,558 shares
owned by the minority shareholders in Krameks AD in order to delist the company
from the Bulgarian Stock Exchange. As a result, Radino buys 14,217 shares in
Krameks.
Jan 10, 2005 - Krameks AD delists from the Bulgarian Stock Exchange (stock
symbol: KRAMS).
Jan 19, 2006 - Krameks' shares are suspended from trade on the unofficial market
of the Bulgarian Stock Exchange.
(*Editor's note: According to the Law for Public Offering of Securities, if
Radino AD acquires, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the votes in
Krameks AD it is required to make a tender and/or share swap offer for the
shares of the the remaining shareholders with voting rights.)
(**Editor's note: According to the Law for Public Offering of Securities, if
Radino AD acquires, directly or indirectly, more than 90% of the votes in
Krameks AD it has the option to make a tender offer for the shares of the
remaining shareholders with voting rights. Krameks AD can be written off the
Public Register of Companies, if the tender offer is accepted by 50% of the
remaining shareholders with voting rights, or if 50% of the general meeting of
Krameks AD decides so with a majority of represented voting capital. This voting
capital does not include the shares owned by Radino before making the tender
offer.)
Last updated on Sept 20, 2016.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES: Krameks AD designed and produced cranes, crane
components, lifting-transport equipment and metal constructions.
It also repaired and serviced cranes.
As of October 2014 the company rents out its facilites.
CAPACITY: Krameks AD is headquartered in Sofia, the Bulgarian capital.
Products                Unit                                Annual
                                                            Capacity
Bridge Cranes           Number                              50
Metal constructions     Tonnes                              500
Spare parts             BGN                                 80,000
Cranes repair           Number                              30
Wheel block             Number                              250
Assemblage and welding  BGN
Crane wheel-barrows,    Number                              100
carriages



MARKET AND SALES: Krameks AD operates mainly on the domestic market.
The company's main source of revenue in 2013 is renting out its real estates.
The company had a total of 35 customers in 2013.
Products                Unit                                Annual
                                                            Capacity
Bridge Cranes           Number                              50
Metal constructions     Tonnes                              500
Spare parts             BGN                                 80,000
Cranes repair           Number                              30
Wheel block             Number                              250
Assemblage and welding  BGN
Crane wheel-barrows,    Number                              100
carriages



Krameks used to export block wheels to Greece, France and Italy and metal
constructions to Germany, comprising 5.0% of its total output.
Main customers:
Balkankarpodem OOD (Bulgaria); Jupiter Stomana OOD (Bulgaria); MSK Kazichen? OOD
(Bulgaria); Balkanstroy OOD; Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Bulgaria AD; Stind AD
(Bulgaria); Podemstroymash AD (Bulgaria); Vivet trading OOD; Dobersek (Germany);
Meteko AD (Bulgaria); Irkon OOD (Bulgaria); Horizont Ivanov OOD (Bulgaria);
Kranostroene Injinering AD (Bulgaria); Impianti Componenti (Italy); Kremikovtsi
AD (Bulgaria); Eterna 2000 AD (Bulgaria); RVD - Sofia Airport (Bulgaria)

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015




Bulgarian Lev (BGN)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
NON-CURRENT-ASSETS                   2,155,000       2,250,000       2,313,000
CURRENT-ASSETS                         217,000         224,000         314,000
INVENTORIES                             10,000          12,000          16,000
TRADE-AND-OTHER-RECEIVABLES             56,000          50,000          72,000
CASH-AND-EQUIVALENTS                   151,000         161,000         225,000
TOTAL-ASSETS                         2,373,000       2,475,000       2,627,000
TOTAL-EQUITY                         2,227,000       2,340,000       2,445,000
CAPITAL                                238,000         238,000         238,000
NON-CURRENT-LIABILITIES                      0               0               0
CURRENT-LIABILITIES                    146,000         135,000         182,000
TOTAL-LIABILITIES                      146,000         135,000         182,000
NUMBER-OF-EMPLOYEES                         17              16              14
NET-SALES-REVENUE                      772,000         833,000       1,109,000
TOTAL-REVENUE                          795,000         893,000       1,113,000
TOTAL-EXPENSES                         908,000         998,000       1,158,000
NET-PROFIT-FOR-THE-PERIOD                    0               0               0
GROSS-PROFIT                                 0               -               0
OPERATING-PROFIT                             0               0               0
ROE                                      -5.07           -4.49           -1.84
ROA                                      -4.76           -4.24           -1.71
ROIC                                     -5.35           -4.82           -2.12
OPERATING-MARGIN                         14.38          -12.61           -4.24
NET-PROFIT-MARGIN                       -14.64          -12.61           -4.06
TOTAL-LIABILITIES-ASSETS                  6.15            5.45            6.93
TOTAL-LIABILITIES-EQUITY                  6.56            5.77            7.44
CURRENT-LIQUIDITY-RATIO                   1.49            1.66            1.73
QUICK-RATIO                               1.03            1.19            1.24
INVENTORY-TURNOVER-RATIO                  77.2           69.42           69.31
FIXED-ASSETS-TURNOVER-RATIO               0.36            0.37            0.48
EBIT                                  -111,000        -105,000         -47,000
EBITDA                                   4,000           4,000          51,000
SEECI                                   49.563          49.383           55.19

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *



SHAREHOLDERS
NAME                                 PERCE
                                     NTAGE
Radino AD                            53.07
Individuals                          3.36
Road Design EOOD                     14.56
Aleksandrov I Sie EOOD               29.01

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017


                              67 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 8, 1986 Saturday

4 takeovers approved by Ottawa

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 803 words


Four foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Cohor Holding Co. Ltd. of Switzerland to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Acmon Ltee of Montreal, a holding company that has interests
 in real estate as well as interests in a company that manufactures
 resilient floor coverings and vinyl flooring.

Envirodyne Planalog Inc. of Canoga Park, Calif., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Union Carbide Canada Ltd., consisting of its
 Food Casings Division in Lindsay, Ont., which manufactures and distributes
 cellulose casings and related products for processed meats and poultry as
 well as specialty films for bags for frozen poultry and boxed beef.

Matrix Corp. of Orangeburg, N.Y., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Imapro Inc. of Ottawa, which manufactures and markets
 computer graphics image recording systems used primarily in the production
 of slides for visual projection.

321662 Alberta Ltd. of Edmonton, a wholly owned subsidiary of Blue Tee
 Acquisition Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Union Tractor Ltd., Union Tractor Industries (1981) Ltd.,
 Union Tractor Sales (1980) Ltd. and Union Filters Ltd., all of Edmonton,
 which are involved in the sale of replacement parts and services for
 construction machinery and diesel engines, heat-treated cutting edges and
 earth-moving tools.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

American Express Canada Inc. of Markham, Ont., to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Travel Resources (Montreal) Ltd. of Montreal,
 Travel Resources (Toronto) Ltd. of Toronto, and Uniglobe Broadway Travel
 Resources (Vancouver) Ltd. of Vancouver, all of which supply corporate
 travel services.

Beecham Holdings Inc. of West Paterson, N.J., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Norcliff Thayer Ltd. of Toronto, which
 manufactures, sells and distributes consumer products such as proprietary
 medicines, cosmetics and toiletries.

Benton & Bowles Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by D'Arcy- MacManus Masius Ltd. of Toronto, which is an
 advertising agency.

Desch Power Transmission Ltd. of West Germany to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Preitauer Press Rebuilt Ltd. of Cambridge, Ont.,
 which is engaged in manufacturing and rebuilding of metal forming
 equipment.

Fisher Controls Co. of Canada Ltd., a unit of Fisher Controls
 International Inc. of Clayton, Mo., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Posi-Seal Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., which manufactures,
 distributes and sells high performance trunnion valves and auxiliary
 components.

Hostess Food Products Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Laurentide Snackco Inc. of Laval, Que., which
 manufactures and distributes snack foods under the "Laurentide" trademark.

Jacquy Van Melik Treebeek BV of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Campbell-Ewald (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which
 provides advertising and marketing services.

Leucadia National Corp. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Brae International Ltd. of Toronto, which leases railcars to
 Canadian railroads.

Motorola Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Till Communications Ltd. of Lloydminster, Alta., which is a
 communications business.

N-T Steel Corp. of Canada, Cleveland, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by N.T. Steel (Canada) Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont.,
 which warehouses and distributes steel products.

Newell Industries Canada Inc. of Toronto to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Lion Importing and Manufacturing Ltd. of Toronto,
 which imports, manufactures and wholesales drapery hardware.

Union Carbide Canada Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business
 carried on by C.A. Pemberton & Co. Ltd., consisting of its cellulosic food
 casings business in Toronto, which is engaged in the finishing and
 distribution of cellulosic food casings.

Uniwest Inc. of the Netherlands to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Comp-U-Card Canada Inc. of Montreal, which provides a
 catalogue shopping centre.

Caterpillar Financial Services Ltd., a unit of Caterpillar Tractor Co.
 of Peoria, Ill., to establish a business at Oakville, Ont., to wholesale
 and retail financing of heavy equipment.

LSI Logic Corp. of Milpitas, Calif., to establish a business at Calgary
 to design, manufacture and market semiconductors and related products.

Shackleton Engineering (UK) Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at
 Cutknife, Sask., to manufacture industrial gear boxes.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 18, 1986 Saturday

FOREIGN INVESTMENTS

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 1534 words


Six foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.
 Approved are plans by:

CITIC B.C. Inc. of Vancouver, which is wholly owned by China
 International Trust and Investment Corp., which in turn is owned and
 controlled by the Chinese Government, and Power Consolidated (China) Pulp
 Inc., a corporation to be formed and controlled by Power Corp. of Canada
 and Consolidated-Bathurst Inc. of Montreal, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Westar Timber Ltd., consisting of its Celgar
 pulpmill at Castlegar, B.C., which produces pulp.

Echlin Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is wholly owned and controlled by
 Echlin Inc. of the United States, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Canadian Racing Plate Co. Ltd. of Niagara Falls, Ont., which
 manufactures and distributes forgings used in motor vehicle parts, such as
 camshafts, slack adjusters, connecting rods, valves, compressors, etc.

Federal Express Corp. of Memphis to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Cansica Inc. of Montreal, which is engaged in courier
 services in Canada.

Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc. of New York to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Encon Holdings Inc., Encon Insurance Managers
 Inc., National Insurance Managers (NIM) Inc./Societe de Gestion
 d'Assurance (NIM) Inc. and National Program Administrator Investments
 Inc., all of Ottawa, and Encon Reinsurance Managers Inc. of Toronto, all
 of which are engaged in insurance underwriting management.

Robin Hood Multifoods Inc. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 International Multifoods Corp. of Minneapolis to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Stafford Foods Ltd. of Toronto, which is a
 manufacturer and national distributor of a broad range of food products
 for food service institutions, including restaurants, hotels, hospitals,
 nursing homes and government agencies.

Unifirst Canada Ltd. of Woburn, Mass., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Unitog Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 manufactures, sells and rents uniform and protective wear throughout
 Canada.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.
 Notice was given for plans by:

Bridport-Gundry Inc. of Moodus, Conn., to establish a business at
 Dartmouth, N.S., to distribute specialty industrial textile products,
 twine, cordage and netting.

Cyprus Metals (Canada) Ltd. of Englewood, Colo., to establish a
 business at Toronto to engage in mineral exploration, development and
 mining.

Eastman Technology Inc. of Rochester, N.Y., to establish a business at
 Markham, Ont., to distribute electronic products.

Foresite Group Inc. of Corvallis, Ore., to establish a business at
 Vancouver to provide airport and aviation consulting, engineering and
 development.

Grammarg Corp. Ltd. (Ontario) and Smith Leuchars (Canada) Ltd. (New
 Zealand), to establish a business at Toronto to engage in structural
 engineering.

Himarck Enterprises Inc. of Hauppauge, N.Y., to establish a business at
 Toronto to engage in the import assembly, packaging, repackaging and
 distribution of housewares and giftware.

IKEA Ltd. of Sweden to establish a business at Markham, Ont., to engage
 in scientific research and experimental development and the exploitation
 of the resultant technology.

Kaihin Research Inc. of Hong Kong to establish a business at Toronto to
 do research in Chinese microcomputer systems, including both hardware and
 software development.

Molnlycke AB of Sweden to establish a business at Markham, Ont., to
 warehouse, distribute and sell industrial wiping and cleaning materials
 and related products.

NEO-HCA Inc. of Bensalem, Penn., to establish a business at Markham,
 Ont., to engage in the sale of hosiery by mail order.

Philmac Pty. Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at Barrie, Ont.,
 to manufacture plastic fittings for plastic pipes.

T. Skretting AS of Norway and Britain to establish a business at
 Vancouver to distribute equipment required in connection with a fish
 feeding operation, including cages and feeders.

Whitchurch Holdings Ltd. of Britain and Richard Morgan of Baie d'Urfe,
 Que., to establish a business at Baie d'Urfe to export food products.
 Acquisitions

Air Liquide Canada Ltee of France to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Weldco Montreal Inc. of Montreal, which is a distributor of
 cylinder gases and welding products.

Borden Inc. of Columbus, Ohio, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Beaudry Maple Products Inc. of Sherbrooke, Que., which
 manufactures and sells maple syrup products.

British Steel Canada Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Metals West Ltd. of Edmonton, which supplies,
 distributes and fabricates metal products; and Four Winds Transport (1979)
 Ltd. of Edmonton, which leases vehicles and equipment to Metals West.

CTP Holding Inc. of Indianapolis, Ind., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by PTC Canada Inc. of Markham, Ont., a wholly owned
 subsidiary of PT Components Inc., which imports, sells and distributes
 power transmission products.

Daimler-Benz Aktiengesellschaft of West Germany to acquire control of
 the businesses carried on by AEG Bayly Inc. of Toronto, which is engaged
 in the design, production and sale of electronic and electrical products
 and systems for the telecommunications field; and Olympic Business
 Machines Canada Ltd. of Ajax, Ont., which imports and sells office
 machines and equipment.

Data Card Corp. of Minneapolis to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Addressograph Farrington Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which is
 a company engaged in the distribution and light assembly of manual plastic
 card imprinters.

Hobart Corp. of Troy, Ohio, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Vulcan-Hart Canada Inc. of Malton, Ont., which is a manufacturer and
 dealer in refrigeration equipment.

Imperial Oil Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by 577804 Ontario Ltd., known as Fifth Wheel Truck
 Stop in Victoria, which is a truck stop motor fuels retail outlet and
 restaurant.

Intermec Corp. of Lynnwood, Wash., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Intermec Systems Corp. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 distributes and services bar code equipment.

Jac. Jacobsen Enterprises Inc. of Norway to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Westnofa of Canada (1979) Ltd. of Winnipeg, which
 manufactures and markets a broad range of commercial/institutional
 furniture primarily for the health care market.

Les Publications CCH/FM Ltee of the United States to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Centre de Recherche et de Publications du
 Canada Inc./Canadian Research and Publications Centre Inc. of Montreal,
 which publishes looseleaf services relating to federal and provincial
 grants and subsidies and programs on employment incentives.

Lincoln Electric Co. of Canada Ltd. of the United States to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Canadian Oxygen Ltd., consisting of
 its Arcweld Products division in Montreal, which is engaged in the
 manufacture and distribution of stick electrodes and cored wires.

Metromail Corp. of Lincoln, Neb., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Mailing-List Research of Canada Ltd., Montreal, which
 distributes and sells "reverse telephone directories" listing individuals
 and businesses resident in Montreal arranged by street address and
 telephone number.

Mitsubishi Corp., Mitsubishi Canada Ltd., and Mitsubishi International
 Corp. of Japan to acquire control of the business carried on by Aclo
 Compounders Inc. of Cambridge, Ont., which manufactures plastic
 compounders.

Occidental Petroleum Corp. of Los Angeles to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Diamond Shamrock Canada Ltd. of Hamilton, which
 manufactures and distributes specialty chemicals.

Polymer Acquisitions Corp. of Reading, Penn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Polpenco Canada Inc. of Guelph, Ont., which
 manufactures industrial plastics, mill shapes and parts.

Reca Union GmbH of Switzerland to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Winzer Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which distributes products
 for use in the automotive repair industry.

Resilient Holdings Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Congoleum Corp. of Winnipeg, which sells resilient flooring.

Sherwin-Williams Automotive Finishes Inc. of the United States to
 acquire control of the business carried by Across Canada Warehousing
 (Scarboro) Ltd. of Agincourt, Ont., which sells and distributes products
 for application generally to automobiles and other vehicles.

664679 Ontario Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Albino Henriques and Georgette Nunes of Toronto, consisting
 of their rental property at 231-233 Ossington Ave., Toronto.

Walter Sturzer of West Germany and Richard Sorz and Edouard Sorz, both
 of Vienna, to acquire control of the business carried on by Santana
 Amusements Inc./Amusements Santa Inc. of La Prairie, Que., which is
 engaged in the field of entertainment by operating electronic games
 machines.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Trigger Dates: A Rundown of Interstate Banking Laws

                          November 19, 1986, Wednesday


The following is a listing of important interstate banking laws in effect as of
early November. It details only legislation already enacted into law.  This
feature is compiled by Don Munro.

ALABAMA: Under legislation which takes effect on July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
and Washington, D.C., may acquire Alabama banks on a reciprocal basis. The
institution being acquired must have been in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire Alaska banks.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions, under a
law that went into effect Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state
institutions to set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992.
Arizona financial institutions formed after May 31, 1984, have protection from
hostile out-of-state bidders until they are five years old.

CALIFORNIA: Effective July 1, 1987, California banks may be acquired by bank
holding companies in the states that make up the 12th Federal Reserve Board
district (Hawaii, Alaska, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, and Arizona)
plus Texas, New Mexico, and Colorado. Signed in September, 1986, the legislation
hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer. Full nationwide reciprocal
banking begins on Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking
companies outside the approved region with units in states in the region cannot
enter California until the nationwide trigger date goes into effect. For
example, Citibank, with operations in Arizona, is not eligible to buy a
California bank because its parent company is based in New York.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut
only if those states have reciprocal legislation.

DELAWARE: Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies
to establish limited-purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks. The laws
restrict the operations to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Banking companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the District of Columbia on a
reciprocal basis. Banks outside of the reciprocal region are also permitted to
acquire D.C. banks as long as the out-of-state institution makes certain
investments in D.C.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact. They are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Passed in
1984, the law stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be at
least two years old. Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state
bank holding companies (NCNB Corp.of North Carolina and the Northern Trust Co.,
Chicago) that already have grandfathered operations in the state to make further
in-state acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia
may acquire Georgia banks under the state's 1984 law. The state of the acquiring
bank must have reciprocal legislation. The law also states that the in-state
bank being acquired must be at least five years old.

IDAHO: Financial institutions from six contiguous states (Montana, Nevada,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming) may acquire Idaho institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The 1985 law also stipulates that the in-state institution
must be at least four years old.

ILLINOIS: Effective on July 1, 1986, bank holding companies in the six
contiguous states of Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin
may acquire Illinois banks and bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. A
1984 law states that out-of-state banking organizations may acquire an in-state
bank with liquidity problems. The in-state institution also must have more than
$1 billion in assets. In 1981, Illinois also passed a law that permitted General
Bancshares Corp., St. Louis, a bank with grandfathered holdings in Illinois
under the authority of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, to acquire
additional in-state institutions.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions on a reciprocal
basis. The law, passed in 1985, became effective in January.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota-based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire Iowa banks. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: According to 1984 legislation, bank holding companies from anywhere in
the nation may acquire Kentucky banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, banking companies and savings
and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks, but only on a
reciprocal basis. The legislation takes effect July 1, 1987. Full interstate
banking on a reciprocal basis is also set to go into effect Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies from around the nation may acquire in-state banks
under legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. The New York bank may also now solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. As of July 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, and Tennessee will be permitted to enter the state on a reciprocal
basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state permits bank branching and bank holding company
acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states. The
Massachusetts law was passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Bank holding companies in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, and
Indiana may enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under the authority of a law
that took effect in January. After Oct. 10, 1988, banks from anywhere in the
nation may acquire Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis.

MINNESOTA: Effective July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota,
South Dakota, and Wisconsin may acquire Minnesota banks on a reciprocal basis.
The law also allows savings and loans in the region to acquire Minnesota S&Ls
and set up branches in the state, but only on a reciprocal basis.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas may acquire
Mississippi banks on a reciprocal basis after July 1, 1988. On July 1, 1990,
banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia will also be allowed to enter the state on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Under legislation set to take effect Aug. 13, bank holding companies
from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Tennessee, and
Oklahoma may acquire Missouri banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Under the 1983 state law, out-of-state bank holding companies located
anywhere in the United States may enter Nebraska only if they limit their
activities to the credit card business in single-office banks. The
Minnesota-based Norwest Corp., a multibank holding company that has
grandfathered operations in Nebraska, is permitted to make additional in-state
acquisitions.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
After July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a
de novo office. On Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal limitations will be dropped.

NEW JERSEY: On March 28, the state enacted a law giving banks in New Jersey
reciprocity with banks in Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 21, the state passed a law allowing out-of-state
organizations to buy failed New Mexico financial institutions. It stipulates
that out-of-state bidders may be solicited only if state and federal regulators
are unable to find qualified in-state buyers for a failed institution. The law
carried an emergency clause that made it effective immediately.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere
in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a reciprocal
basis. The North Carolina law was enacted in 1984.

OHIO: In 1985, this state passed a law authorizing the state superintendent of
banks to approve applications by out-of-state bank holding companies to acquire
thrifts that have been placed under state receivership. In addition, only
banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Vir ginia, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia may enter Ohio, and only on a
reciprocal basis. They also are limited to no more than 20% ownership of the
state's bank and thrift deposits. After Oct. 16, 1988, banks from any state may
acquire Ohio banks on a reciprocal basis.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limits attached to Oklahoma's law.  However, in order to
expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: On July 1, 1986, banking companies in Washington, Oregon, Idaho,
California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, and Alaska will be allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Under a law already
effective, banking companies in those eight states may acquire failing in-state
institutions.

PENNSYLVANIA: Effective Aug. 25, 1986, banking companies from New Jersey,
Delaware, Maryland, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Washington,
D.C., may acquire Pennsylvania banks, but only on a reciprocal basis. New York
banks will be allowed in the state on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for
nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state. After July 1, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Rhode Island
banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks on
a reciprocal basis. The law also states that the bank being acquired must have
existed for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States may
acquire and charter a new single-office bank. However, they must be limited to
insurance operations. They also are permitted to acquire an existing
state-chartered, single-office bank, but they may not maintain other offices.

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state on a
reciprocal basis. No banking company may acquire a bank that has been operating
for less than five years.

TEXAS: Under legislation due to take effect Jan. 1, banks from anywhere in the
nation may acquire Texas banks. The September, 1986 legislation mandates that no
Texas bank chartered after July 15, 1986 may be acquired, unless that bank has
been in operation for the last five years. The state also requires that at least
50% of the board of directors of any new banking company in the state be Texas
residents. Also, no bank may hold, through acquisition, more than 25% of the
state's deposits.

UTAH: Out-of-state bank holding companies from 11 states may acquire Utah banks
on a reciprocal basis. The states are Idaho, Montana, Alaska, Wyoming,
Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii.
Reciprocity is not required if out-of-state banking companies wish to acquire
failing institutions. A nationwide trigger date of Dec. 31, 1987, will permit
the acquisition of healthy banks and thrifts by banking companies from anywhere
in the nation.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire banks in Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The in-state
institution must be at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. On July 1, 1987, banking companies will be permitted to acquire
healthy institutions that are at least three years old, but only on a reciprocal
basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state in the nation may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings
and loans, but only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at
least two years old.

WISCONSIN: Effective Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and
credit unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio,
and Kentucky may acquire respectively, Wisconsin banks, savings and loans, and
credit unions. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 2540 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              70 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Trigger Dates: A Rundown of Interstate Banking Laws

                          September 11, 1986, Thursday


The following is a listing of important interstate banking laws in effect as of
Sept. 8. It details only legislation already enacted into law. For example,
Texas and California are not listed, because the governors of those states have
not yet signed interstate bills recently passed by their legislatures. This
feature is compiled by Don Munro.

ALABAMA: Under legislation which takes effect on July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
and Washington, D.C., may acquire Alabama banks on a reciprocal basis. The
institution being acquired must have been in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire Alaska banks.

ARIZONA: Effective on Oct. 1, 1986, out-of-state banks may acquire in-state
financial institutions. The legislation will allow out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Arizona financial
institutions formed after May 31, 1984, have protection from hostile
out-of-state bidders until they are five years old.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut
only if those states have reciprocal legislation.

DELAWARE: Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies
to establish limited-purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks. The laws
restrict the operations to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Banking companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the District of Columbia on a
reciprocal basis. Banks outside of the reciprocal region are also permitted to
acquire D.C. banks as long as the out-of-state institution makes certain
investments in D.C.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact. They are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Passed in
1984, the law stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be at
least two years old. Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state
bank holding companies (NCNB Corp.of North Carolina and the Northern Trust Co.,
Chicago) that already have grandfathered operations in the state to make further
in-state acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia
may acquire Georgia banks under the state's 1984 law. The state of the acquiring
bank must have reciprocal legislation. The law also states that the in-state
bank being acquired must be at least five years old.

IDAHO: Financial institutions from six contiguous states (Montana, Nevada,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming) may acquire Idaho institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The 1985 law also stipulates that the in-state institution
must be at least four years old.

ILLINOIS: Effective on July 1, 1986, bank holding companies in the six
contiguous states of Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin
may acquire Illinois banks and bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. A
1984 law states that out-of-state banking organizations may acquire an in-state
bank with liquidity problems. The in-state institution also must have more than
$1 billion in assets. In 1981, Illinois also passed a law that permitted General
Bancshares Corp., St. Louis, a bank with grandfathered holdings in Illinois
under the authority of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, to acquire
additional in-state institutions.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions on a reciprocal
basis. The law, passed in 1985, became effective in January.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota-based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire Iowa banks. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: As of July 15, 1986, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Kentucky banks on a reciprocal basis. The legislation was passed in 1984.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, banking companies and savings
and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks, on a reciprocal basis.
The legislation takes effect July 1, 1987. Full interstate banking on a
reciprocal basis is also set to go into effect Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies from around the nation may acquire in-state banks
under legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. The New York bank may also now solicit
business. In a separate, regional, reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. As of July 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, and Tennessee will be permitted to enter the state on a reciprocal
basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state permits bank branching and bank holding company
acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states. The
Massachusetts law was passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Bank holding companies in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, and
Indiana may enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under the authority of a law
that took effect in January. After Oct. 10, 1988, banks from anywhere in the
nation may acquire Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis.

MINNESOTA: Effective July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota,
South Dakota, and Wisconsin may acquire Minnesota banks on a reciprocal basis.
The law also allows savings and loans in the region to acquire Minnesota S&Ls
and set up branches in the state, but only on a reciprocal basis.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas may acquire
Mississippi banks on a reciprocal basis after July 1, 1988. On July 1, 1990,
banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia will also be allowed to enter the state on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Under legislation set to take effect Aug. 13, bank holding companies
from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Tennessee, and
Oklahoma may acquire Missouri banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Under the 1983 state law, out-of-state bank holding companies located
anywhere in the United States may enter Nebraska only if they limit their
activities to the credit card business in single-office banks. The
Minnesota-based Norwest Corp., a multibank holding company that has
grandfathered operations in Nebraska, is permitted to make additional in-state
acquisitions.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
After July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a
de novo office. On Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal limitations will be dropped.

NEW JERSEY: On March 28, the state enacted a law giving banks in New Jersey
reciprocity with banks in Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia. The law became effective Aug. 24 when
three of the states -- Kentucky, Ohio, and Pennsylvania -- had reciprocal laws
in place. The New Jersey legislation required three states, each with more than
$20 billion in bank deposits, to approve reciprocal legislation before the New
Jersey law took effect.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 21, the state passed a law allowing out-of-state
organizations to buy failed New Mexico financial institutions. It stipulates
that out-of-state bidders may be solicited only if state and federal regulators
are unable to find qualified in-state buyers for a failed institution. The law
carried an emergency clause that made it effective immediately.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere
in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a reciprocal
basis. The North Carolina law was enacted in 1984.

OHIO: In 1985, this state passed a law authorizing the state superintendent of
banks to approve applications by out-of-state bank holding companies to acquire
thrifts that have been placed under state receivership. In addition, only
banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Vir ginia, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia may enter Ohio, and only on a
reciprocal basis. They also are limited to no more than 20% ownership of the
state's bank and thrift deposits. After Oct. 16, 1988, banks from any state may
acquire Ohio banks on a reciprocal basis.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There are no reciprocity limits attached to Oklahoma's law.  However, in order
to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: On July 1, 1986, banking companies in Washington, Oregon, Idaho,
California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, and Alaska will be allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Under a law already
effective, banking companies in those eight states may acquire failing in-state
institutions.

PENNSYLVANIA: Effective Aug. 25, 1986, banking companies from New Jersey,
Delaware, Maryland, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Washington,
D.C., may acquire Pennsylvania banks, but only on a reciprocal basis. New York
banks will be allowed in the state on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for
nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state. After July 1, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Rhode Island
banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks on
a reciprocal basis. The law also states that the bank being acquired must have
existed for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States may
charter a new single-office bank. However, they must be limited to insurance
operations. They also are permitted to acquire an existing state-chartered,
single-office bank, but they may not maintain other offices.

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state on a
reciprocal basis. No banking company may acquire a bank that has been operating
for less than five years.

UTAH: Out-of-state bank holding companies from 11 states may acquire Utah banks
on a reciprocal basis. The states are Idaho, Montana, Alaska, Wyoming,
Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii.
Reciprocity is not required if out-of-state banking companies wish to acquire
failing institutions. A nationwide trigger date of Dec. 31, 1987, will permit
the acquisition of healthy banks and thrifts by banking companies from anywhere
in the nation.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire banks in Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The in-state
institution must be at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. On July 1, 1987, banking companies will be permitted to acquire
healthy institutions that are at least three years old, but only on a reciprocal
basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state in the nation may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings
and loans, but only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at
least two years old.

WISCONSIN: Effective Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and
credit unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio,
and Kentucky may acquire respectively, Wisconsin banks, savings and loans, and
credit unions. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.Dates Trigger Dates Trigger
Dates Trigger Dates Trigger Dates


SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 2410 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              71 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 20, 1986 Tuesday

Eight proposals given approval

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 1052 words


Eight foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Allianz AG Holding of West Germany to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by IIM Ltd. of Toronto, which is an insurance management
 company. The businesses being Cornhill Insurance Co. of Canada and the
 Canadian division of Trafalgar PLC, both of which sell general insurance.

Coca-Cola Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of Coca-Cola Co.
 of Atlanta, to acquire control of the business carried on by Star Bottling
 Works Inc. of Sudbury, Ont., which bottles, distributes and sells soft-
 drink beverages and distributes certain canned soft drinks, fruit drinks
 and fruit juices in the vicinity of North Bay, Sault Ste. Marie and
 Sudbury.

Coopervision Inc. of Markham, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Coopervision Inc. of Menlo Park, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Rorer Canada Inc., consisting of its Cilco Canada
 division of Pickering, Ont., which distributes ophthalmological products,
 and the Richards Medical Co. division of Mississauga, Ont., which
 distributes orthopedic and micro-surgery products.

Harris/3M Document Products Inc. of Atlanta to acquire control of the
 business carried on by the Copying and Facsimile Products Group of the
 Business Products division of 3M Canada Inc. of London, Ont., which
 imports, warehouses, sells and services photocopiers and facsimile
 equipment products.

Mrs. Aysha Al-Nakib of Kuwait to acquire control of the business
 carried on by 845 Cambie Street Developments Ltd., 845 Cambie Street
 (Commercial) Limited Partnership and 845 Cambie Street (Residential)
 Limited Partnership, consisting of its commercial and residential property
 situated at 845 Cambie St., Vancouver.

Robt. Jones Investments Ltd. of New Zealand to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Robson & Bute Ltd. Partnership, consisting of its
 retail rental property known as The Promenade, located at 1163-1195 Robson
 St. in Vancouver.

Ropak Corp. of Fullerton, Calif., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Can-Am Containers Ltd. of Springhill, N.S., which
 manufactures and sells plastic packaging and handling products, including
 bottles, pails, drums, reusable tote boxes and seedling trays.

Stoody Co. of Industry, Calif., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Cabot Canada Ltd., consisting of its Deloro Satellite
 division of Belleville, Ont., which imports and resells welding
 consumables and produces cobalt-based alloy forms of hardfacing, including
 all forms of castings, as well as wrought and powder metallurgical parts.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Braunkohle Transport Canada Inc. of West Germany to establish a
 business at Saskatoon to operate a trucking business.

Karl Busch Holding GmbH of Switzerland to establish a business at
 Sherbrooke, Que., to sell vacuum pumps and related systems or equipment,
 including services and technical support.

Imperial Toy Corp. of Los Angeles to establish a business at
 Mississauga to distribute toys.

Louisiana-Pacific Corp. of Portland, Ore., to establish a business at
 Dawson Creek, B.C., to manufacture waferwood.

Niagara Falls Theatre of Los Angeles to establish a business at Niagara
 Falls, Ont., to show Imax films on Niagara Falls and other subjects.

Ota Richter Productions Inc. of Wellesley, Mass., to establish a
 business at Toronto to produce feature films.

Third Tower Assets Inc. of Toronto to establish a business at Toronto
 to engage in real estate development.

Acquisitions:

Altrom Canada Corp./Corporation Altrom du Canada of Switzerland to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Repco Auto Parts (Canada)
 Ltd. of Burnaby, B.C., which imports and sells motor vehicles.

Amusecor Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Aluminum Packaging Ltd. of Montreal, which laminates foil to
 paper and cardboard for use in the wholesale box and printing industry.

Cargill Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Leslie Penner and L. Penner Lumber Co. Ltd., known as the
 Kola Feed Mill of Kola, Man., which manufactures beef, dairy and livestock
 feed.

Chemlawn Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Ever-Green Fertilizers Ltd. of Winnipeg, which services
 lawns.

Crawford & Company Insurance Adjusters Ltd. of Toronto to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Drive-In Appraisal Alberta Ltd. of
 Edmonton, which operates motor vehicle damage appraisal centres.

Ekco Canada Inc. of Scarborough, Ont., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Coronet Housewares Inc., consisting of its
 Laurentide Housewares division in St. Jerome, Que., which manufactures and
 distributes ironing boards, step-stools and step-on cans.

Gebo SA of France to acquire control of the business carried on by Gebo
 Convoyeurs Systemes Inc./Gebo Conveyor Systems Inc. of St-Laurent, Que.,
 which manufactures conveyors.

Imperial Oil Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Matichuk Developments Ltd., consisting of its Bonnyville Esso
 service station and gasoline product dispensing installation in
 Bonnyville, Alta.

Mistrapost Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Seametrix Inc. of Vancouver, which is engaged in the sale and rental
 of remote-controlled submersible vehicles.

Northeast Trading Co. Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Attra Holdings Ltd., consisting of its rental
 properties at 1003 and 1005 11th Avenue Southwest in Calgary.

Les Sandler of Chicago to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Amusecor Inc. of Montreal, which operates leisure-entertainment facilities
 (amusement arcades, amusement rides and restaurants).

Kazuyuki Takase of Japan to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Life-In-Canada-Promotions Inc. of Vancouver, which offers education
 consulting services.

Tricil (Quebec) Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Les Services Sanitaires de l'Outaouais Inc. of Hull, Que.,
 which collects, transports and disposes of solid waste.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 23, 1986 Saturday

Investment Canada approves four takeovers

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 882 words


Four foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Harnischfeger Corp. of Milwaukee to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Beloit Canada Ltd. of Sorel, Que., which designs and
 manufactures paper-making machines, and Rader Canada Ltd. of Burnaby,
 B.C., which designs and sells pneumatic material handling systems and
 related equipment used in wood preparation processes for pulp and paper
 sawmill operations

John Kopka of Nashua, N.H., to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Westcourt Place Holding Corp. of Windsor, which is an apartment and
 office building.

Sandvik Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., wholly owned by Sandvik AB of
 Sweden, to acquire control of the business carried on by Windsor Machine
 Co. Ltd. of Burnaby, B.C., which produces and distributes guide bars and
 chains for power saw applications.

Wesray Rent-A-Car Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by WTH Canada Inc. of Toronto, a holding company, and Aviscar
 Inc., also of Toronto, which rents and leases automobiles.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Dionex Corp. of Sunnyvale, Calif., to establish a business at Toronto to
 sell and service precision instruments used to analyze chemical
 substances.

Durr Industries Inc. of Plymouth, Mich., to establish a business at
 Concord, Ont., to provide engineering and project management services.

E&M Eisenman Co. of Greeley, Colo., to establish a business near Ross
 River, Yukon, to be engaged in mineral exploration.

Science Applications International Corp. of the United States to
 establish a business at Ottawa to sell and service hi-technology
 materials.

Wedtech Inc. of Canada and the United States to establish a business at
 Brantford, Ont., to process polymeric raw materials.

XDS Inc. of Parsippany, N.J., to establish a business at London, Ont.,
 to sell computer hardware and software.
 Acquisitions:

American Fasteners Corp. of Grand Rapids, Mich., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Les Attaches Metrican (l984) Ltee of Ville
 Saint-Laurent, Que., which wholesales and distributes nuts, bolts and
 tools.

British Columbia District Telegraph Co. Ltd. of the United States to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Pacific Communications Ltd.
 of Vancouver, which engineers, designs, installs and services complete
 integrated communications systems.

British Telecommunications PLC to acquire control of the business
 carried on by International Aeradio (North America) Ltd. of Richmond Hill,
 Ont., which manufactures and sells communications systems.

Decor Accents International Inc. of Italy to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Gateway Morandi Furniture Inc. of Toronto, which
 sells furniture.

Esso Resources Canada Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of
 the business known as the Legend Gas Properties in Alberta and carried on
 by Paramount Resources Ltd., Grosmont Resources Ltd., Petrorep (Canada)
 Ltd., Resman Holdings Ltd., Coseka Resources Ltd., OEMV Oil & Gas Ltd.,
 and Canterra Energy Ltd., all of Calgary, which produces natural gas.

Harvey's Travel Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Harvey & Co. Ltd., which operates a travel agency,
 consisting of its locations in the Atlantic Provinces.

Koppers Co. Inc. of Pittsburgh to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Koppers Hickson Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 manufactures and sells wood preservatives.

Material Sciences Corp. of Elk Grove Village, Ill., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Scharr Industries Canada Inc. of
 Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures metallicized plastics.

P. Lawson Travel of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Harvey & Co. Ltd., consisting of its locations in
 Ontario and Quebec.

Peggy's Jewellery Inc. of Canada and Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Peggy's Jewellery & Fashion Inc. of West Hill,
 Ont., which sells, replaces and repairs jewellery.

Sprecher Energie AG of Switzerland to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Sprecher & Schuh Inc., which distributes electrical products
 and services, consisting of its electrical products business at Ville St-
 Laurent, Que.

Supelco Inc. of Wilmington, Del., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Supelco Canada Ltd. of Oakville, Ont., which manufactures
 gas chromatography packings and columns and distributes related
 chromatographic supplies.

Toplis & Harding Canada Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Wood & MacDonald Insurance Adjusters Ltd. of
 Dartmouth, N.S., which provides insurance adjustment services.

Total Inert Maintenance and Equipment Inc. of Baltimore to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Catalyst Technology (Canada) Ltd. of
 Edmonton, which provides services related to catalyst and other industrial
 waste handling and removal.

Vitos Etablissements Vitoux of France to acquire control of the
 business carried on by New Hermes Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which sells
 engraving machines and related supplies.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Trigger Dates: A Rundown of Interstate Banking Laws

                             June 20, 1986, Friday


The following is a listing of important interstate banking laws in effect as of
mid-June. This feature is compiled by Don Munro.

ALABAMA: Under legislation which takes effect on July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
and Washington, D.C., may acquire Alabama banks on a reciprocal basis. The
institution being acquired must have been in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, Alaska's legislation allows out-of-state bank
holding companies to acquire in-state banks.

ARIZONA: Effective on Oct. 1, 1986, out-of-state banks may acquire in-state
financial institutions. The legislation will allow out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Arizona financial
institutions formed after May 31, 1984, have protection from hostile
out-of-state bidders until they are five years old.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut
only if those states have reciprocal legislation.

DELAWARE: Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies
to establish limited-purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks. The laws
restrict the operations to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Banking companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the District of Columbia on a
reciprocal basis. Banks outside of the reciprocal region are also permitted to
acquire D.C. banks as long as the out-of-state institution makes certain
investments in D.C.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact. They are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Passed in
1984, the law stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be at
least two years old. Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state
bank holding companies (NCNB of North Carolina and the Northern Trust Co.,
Chicago) that already have grandfathered operations in the state to make further
in-state acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia
may acquire Georgia banks under the state's 1984 law. The state of the acquiring
bank must have reciprocal legislation. The law also states that the in-state
bank being acquired must be at least five years old.

IDAHO: Financial institutions from six contiguous states (Montana, Nevada,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming) may acquire Idaho institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The 1985 law also stipulates that the in-state institution
must be at least four years old.

ILLINOIS: Effective on July 1, 1986, bank holding companies in the six
contiguous states of Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin
may acquire Illinois banks and bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. A
1984 law states that out-of-state banking organizations may acquire an in-state
bank with liquidity problems. The in-state institution also must have more than
$1 billion in assets. In 1981, Illinois also passed a law that permits the
General Bancshares Corp., St. Louis, a bank with grandfathered holdings in
Illinois under the authority of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, to acquire
additional in-state institutions.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions on a reciprocal
basis. The law, passed in 1985, became effective in January.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota-based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire Iowa banks. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: Bank holding companies from contiguous states may enter Kentucky on a
reciprocal basis. According to the 1984 legislation, the in-state bank must be
at least five years old at the time of acquisition. The state has set a
nationwide reciprocal interstate banking trigger date of July 15, 1986.

MAINE: Bank holding companies from around the nation may acquire in-state banks
under legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
single-office banks in Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983.
Maryland's interstate banking laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. As of July 1987, bank
holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee will be
permitted to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state permits bank branching and bank holding company
acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states. The
Massachusetts law was passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Bank holding companies in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, and
Indiana may enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under the authority of a law
that took effect in January. After Oct. 10, 1988, banks from anywhere in the
nation may acquire Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis.

MINNESOTA: Effective July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota,
South Dakota, and Wisconsin may acquire Minnesota banks on a reciprocal basis.
The law also allows savings and loans in the region to acquire Minnesota S&Ls
and set up branches in the state, but only on a reciprocal basis.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas may acquire
Mississippi banks on a reciprocal basis after July 1, 1988. On July 1, 1990,
banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia will also be allowed to enter the state on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Under legislation set to take effect Aug. 13, bank holding companies
from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Tennessee, and
Oklahoma may acquire Missouri banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Under the 1983 state law, out-of-state bank holding companies located
anywhere in the United States may enter Nebraska only if they limit their
activities to the credit card business in single-office banks. The
Minnesota-based Norwest Corp., a multibank holding company that has
grandfathered operations in Nebraska, is permitted to make additional in-state
acquisitions.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
After July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a
de novo office. On Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal limitations will be dropped.

NEW JERSEY: On March 28, the state enacted a law giving banks in New Jersey
reciprocity with banks in Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia. Under the law, however, at least three
of the states in the central-Atlantic region covered by the law must have
reciprocal legislation before a compact takes effect.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 21, the state passed a law allowing out-of-state
organizations to buy failed New Mexico financial institutions. It stipulates
that out-of-state bidders may be solicited only if state and federal regulators
are unable to find qualified in-state buyers for a failed institution. The law
carried an emergency clause that made it effective immediately.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere
in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a reciprocal
basis. The North Carolina law was enacted in 1984.

OHIO: In 1985, this state passed a law authorizing the state superintendent of
banks to approve applications by out-of-state bank holding companies to acquire
thrifts that have been placed under state receivership. In addition, only
banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Vir ginia, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia may enter Ohio, and only on a
reciprocal basis. They also are limited to no more than 20% ownership of the
state's bank and thrift deposits. After Oct. 16, 1988, banks from any state may
acquire Ohio banks on a reciprocal basis.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limits attached to Oklahoma's law.  However, in order to
expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait 4 years before expanding.

OREGON: On July 1, 1986, banking companies in Washington, Oregon, Idaho,
California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, and Alaska will be allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Under a law already
effective, banking companies in those eight states may acquire failing in-state
institutions.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state. After July 1, 1987, banks from any state may acquire Rhode Island
banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks on
a reciprocal basis. The law also states that the bank being acquired must have
existed for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States may
acquire and charter a new single-office bank. However, they must be limited to
insurance operations. They also are permitted to acquire an existing
state-chartered, single-office bank, but they may not maintain other offices.

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state on a
reciprocal basis. No banking company may acquire a bank that has been operating
for less than five years.

UTAH: Out-of-state bank holding companies from 11 states may acquire Utah banks
on a reciprocal basis. The states are Idaho, Montana, Alaska, Wyoming,
Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii.
Reciprocity is not required if out-of-state banking companies wish to acquire
failing institutions. A nationwide trigger date of Dec. 31, 1987, will permit
the acquisition of healthy banks and thrifts by banking companies from anywhere
in the nation.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire banks in Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The in-state
institution must be at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. On July 1, 1987, banking companies will be permitted to acquire
healthy institutions that are at least three years old, but only on a reciprocal
basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state in the nation may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings
and loans, but only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at
least two years old.

WISCONSIN: Effective Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and
credit unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio,
and Kentucky may acquire respectively, Wisconsin banks, savings and loans, and
credit unions. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 2196 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              74 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                            March 14, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

NHL Deadline Deals

BYLINE: The Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 448  words


NHL trades at the NHL trading deadline Tuesday:

- Phoenix Coyotes trade forward Keith Tkachuk to St. Louis Blues in exchange for
forwards Michal Handzus, Ladislav Nagy, the rights to forward Jeff Taffe and a
first-round draft pick in 2001 or 2002.

- Montreal Canadiens acquire forwards Jan Bulis and Richard Zednik and a 2001
first-round draft pick from Washington Capitals in exchange for centre Trevor
Linden, winger Dainius Zubrus and a second-round draft pick (previously acquired
from New Jersey) in 2001.

- Ottawa Senators acquire centre Mike Sillinger from Florida Panthers in
exchange for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida) in 2001 or
2002.

- Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Curtis Leschyshyn from the Minnesota Wild
in exchange for a third-round pick in 2001 and a conditional pick in 2002.

- Buffalo Sabres acquire winger Donald Audette from Atlanta Thrashers in
exchange for rights to forward Kamil Piros and a fourth-round pick in 2001.

- Buffalo Sabres acquire winger Steve Heinze from Columbus Blue Jackets in
exchange for a third-round draft pick in 2001.

- Calgary Flames trade forward Cory Stillman to St. Louis Blues in exchange for
centre Craig Conroy and a seventh-round draft pick in 2001.

- Florida Panthers acquire centre Kevyn Adams and a conditional pick in 2001 or
2002 from Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for centre Ray Whitney.

- Pittsburgh Penguins acquire defenceman Frantisek Kucera from Columbus Blue
Jackets in exchange for a sixth-round pick in 2001.

- Toronto Maple Leafs acquire defenceman Aki Berg from Los Angeles Kings in
exchange for centre Adam Mair and a second-round pick in 2001.

- Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Florida Panthers in
exchange for a second-round pick in 2001.

- Chicago Blackhawks trade forward Dean McAmmond to Philadelphia Flyers in
exchange for a third-round pick in 2001.

- Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Sven Butenschon from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for winger Dan LaCouture.

- Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Craig Millar from the Tampa Bay Lightning
in exchange for forward John Emmons.

- Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Grant Ledyard from Tampa Bay Lightning in
exchange for a seventh-round draft pick in 2001.

- Anaheim Mighty Ducks acquire defenceman Alexei Tezikov and a fourth-round
draft choice in 2001 from the Washington Capitals in exchange for defenceman
Jason Marshall.

- Philadelphia Flyers acquire centre Matthew Herr from Washington Capitals in
exchange for defenceman Dean Melanson.

- - -

OTHER MOVES:

- Columbus Blue Jackets claim winger Blake Sloan off waivers from Dallas Stars.

- St. Louis Blues claim centre Sebastien Bordeleau off waivers from Nashville
Predators.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Trigger Dates

                             March 3, 1987, Tuesday

Compiled by Don Munro


To date, only nine states -- Arkansas, Colorado, Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, New
Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont, and Wyoming -- still lack a law that permits
some form of interstate banking.  The District of Columbia and the remaining 41
states all have interstate banking legislation in place, as follows.  (This is a
listing of the important interstate banking laws that had been enacted as of
Jan. 1).  This feature is compiled by Don Munro.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that takes effect on July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks on a reciprocal basis.
The institution being acquired must have been in existence for at least five
years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law that went into effect on Oct. 1, 1986.  The legislation allows out-of-state
institutions to set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992.
Arizona financial institutions formed after May 31, 1984, have protection from
hostile out-of-state bidders until they are five years old.

CALIFORNIA: Effective July 1, 1987, California banks may be acquired by bank
holding companies in the states that make up the 12th Federal Reserve District
(Hawaii, Alaska, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, and Arizona), plus
Texas, New Mexico, and Colorado.  Signed in September 1986, the legislation
hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer.  Full, nationwide,
reciprocal banking begins on Jan. 1, 1991.  The law also specifies that
out-of-state banking companies outside the approved region with units in states
inside the region may not enter California until the nationwide trigger date
goes into effect.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut
only if those states have reciprocal legislation.

DELAWARE: Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies
to establish limited-purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks.  The laws
restrict the operations to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Banking companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the District of Columbia on a
reciprocal basis.  Banks outside of the reciprocal region are also permitted to
acquire District of Columbia banks as long as the out-of-state institution makes
certain investments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact.  They are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia.  The law,
passed in 1984, stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be
at least two years old.  Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state
bank holding companies (the NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and the Northern Trust
Co., Chicago) that already have grandfathered operations in the state to make
further in-state acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia
may acquire Georgia banks under the state's 1984 law.  The state of the
acquiring bank must have reciprocal legislation.  The law also states that the
in-state bank being acquired must be at least five years old.

IDAHO: Financial institutions from six contiguous states (Montana, Nevada,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming) may acquire Idaho institutions on a
reciprocal basis.  The 1985 law also stipulates that the in-state institution
must be at least four years old.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the six contiguous states of Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois
banks and bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis.  A 1984 law states that
out-of-state banking organizations may acquire an instate bank with liquidity
problems.  The in-state institution also must have more than $1 billion in
assets.  In 1981, Illinois also passed a law that permitted the General
Bancshares Corp., St. Louis, a bank holding company with grandfathered holdings
in Illinois under the authority of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, to
acquire additional in-state institutions.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions on a reciprocal
basis.  The law, passed in 1985, became effective this past January.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota-based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa.  Norwest operations in
Iowa are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: According to 1984 legislation, bank holding companies from anywhere in
the nation may acquire Kentucky banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, banking companies and savings
and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks, but only on a
reciprocal basis.  The legislation takes effect on July 1, 1987.  Full
interstate banking on a reciprocal basis also is set to become effective on Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983.  As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state.  The New York bank also now may solicit
business.  In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks.  On July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, and Tennessee will be permitted to enter the state on a reciprocal
basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state permits bank branching and bank holding company
acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.  The
Massachusetts law was passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Bank holding companies in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, and
Indiana may enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under the authority of a law
that took effect in January.  After Oct. 10, 1988, banks from anywhere in the
nation may acquire Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota banks on a
reciprocal basis.  The law also allows savings and loans in the region to
acquire Minnesota S&Ls and set up branches in the state, but only on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas may acquire
Mississippi banks on a reciprocal basis after July 1, 1988.  On July 1, 1990,
banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be allowed to enter the state on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Tennessee, and Oklahoma have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Under a 1983 state law, out-of-state bank holding companies located
anywhere in the United States may enter Nebraska only if they limit their
activities to the credit card business in single-office banks.  The
Minnesota-based Norwest Corp., a multibank holding company that has
grandfathered operations in Nebraska, is permitted to make additional in-state
acquisitions.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.  The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
After July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a
de novo office.  On Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal limitations will be dropped.

NEW JERSEY: In March 1986, this state enacted a law giving banks in New Jersey
reciprocity with banks in Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia.

NEW MEXICO: In February 1986, this state passed a law allowing out-of-state
organizations to buy failed New Mexico financial institutions.  It stipulates
that out-of-state bidders may be solicited only if state and federal regulators
are unable to find qualified in-state buyers for a failed institution.  The law
carried an emergency clause that made it effective immediately.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere
in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a reciprocal
basis.  The North Carolina law was enacted in 1984.

OHIO: In 1985, this state passed a law authorizing the state superintendent of
banks to approve applications by out-of-state bank holding companies to acquire
thrifts that have been placed under state receivership.  In addition, only
banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia may enter Ohio, and only on a
reciprocal basis.  They also are limited to no more than 20% ownership of the
state's bank and thrift deposits.  After Oct. 16, 1988, banks from any state may
acquire Ohio banks on a reciprocal basis.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
national may bid against instate banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limits attached to Oklahoma's law.  However, in order to
expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books.  If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Washington, Oregon, Idaho,
California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, and Alaska have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years.  Under a law already
effective, banking companies in those eight states may acquire failing in-state
institutions.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since Aug. 25, 1986, banking companies from New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, and the District of Columbia,
have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania banks, but only on a reciprocal
basis.  New York banks will be allowed in the state on March 4, 1990, also the
trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state.  After July 1, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Rhode Island
banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks on
a reciprocal basis.  The law also states that the bank being acquired must have
existed for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States may
acquire and charter a new single-office, limited-purpose bank in South Dakota.
They must, however, limit operations to the insurance or credit card business.
The legislation was created expressly for Citicorp, which set up a credit card
base in the state in 1980.  However, no banks yet have been permitted to
established an insurance-only-business in South Dakota.  Under the law,
out-of-state banking companies are also are permitted to acquire an existing
state-chartered, single-office bank, but they may not maintain other offices.

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state on a
reciprocal basis.  No banking companny may acquire a bank that has been
operating for less than five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks.  However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired unless it has been in operation
for the last five years.  The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents.  Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Out-of-state bank holding companies from 11 states may acquire Utah banks
on a reciprocal basis.  The states are Idaho, Montana, Alaska, Wyoming,
Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii.
Reciprocity is not required if out-of-state banking companies wish to acquire
failing institutions.  A nationwide trigger date of Dec. 31, 1987, will permit
the acquisition of healthy banks and thrifts by banking companies from anywhere
in the nation.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia.  Their operations however, must
be restricted to the credit card business.  Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire banks in Virginia on a reciprocal basis.  The in-state
institution must be at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval.  On July 1, 1987, banking companies will be permitted to acquire
healthy institutions that are at least three years old, but only on a reciprocal
basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis.  The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio, and
Kentucky may acquire respectively, Wisconsin banks, savings and loans, and
credit unions.  The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 2636 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                              76 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 6, 1982 Wednesday

42 of 45 foreign investment proposals are allowed

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1473 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 42 of 45 foreign
 investment proposals after review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The three proposals that did not meet the test of being significantly
 beneficial to Canada were by:
    Adirondack Wildwaters Inc. of Corinth, N.Y., to establish a business in
 Lachine, Que., to organize white-water rafting runs for groups or
 individuals on the Lachine rapids.

Epoch Universal Publications Inc. of Phoenix to establish a business in
 Mississauga, Ont., to produce and distribute liturgical music products and
 recordings.

Murray International Holdings Ltd. of Scotland to establish a business
 in the Halifax-Dartmouth area of Nova Scotia to distribute stainless steel
 pipe and related steel products.

The proposals allowed were by:
    BIS International Ltd. of England to establish a business in Toronto to
 import, distribute and service a packaged computer software program known
 as MIDAS.

Bonar Zimmark Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., wholly owned by Bonar Canada
 Ltd. of Burlington, which is controlled by Low and Bonar PLC of Britain,
 to establish a business in Burlington to provide goods and services for
 the cleaning, treatment and analysis of used oil.

Boots Drug Store (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which is ultimately
 controlled by Boots Co. Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by John Lester Drugs Ltd. of Barrie, Ont.

James William Bradshaw and Bruce Stewart MacGowan, both of Toronto,
 Robert Clemens Cawston of Stouffville, Ont., Christopher Winston Templeton
 of Jamestown, N.D., John Marks Templeton Jr. of Bryn Mawr, Pa., and Gail
 Dean Zimmerman of Casper, Wyo., to establish a business in Toronto to
 manage and distribute a mutual fund for investing primarily in Canadian
 equity securities.

Lynne Cameron and Alan Cameron of Kirkland, Wash., to establish a
 business in British Columbia to manufacture and distribute stainless steel
 saddles and steel insulating casings for the positioning and connecting of
 pipes.

Chevron Chemical (Canada) Ltd. of Burlington, a subsidiary of Chevron
 Chemical Co. of San Francisco, and Equities Consultants (1979) Ltd. of
 Burnaby, B.C., to acquire control of Later Chemicals Ltd. of Richmond,
 B.C.

Dayton Malleable of Canada Ltd., Mississauga, a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Dayton Malleable Inc. of Kettering, Ohio, to acquire control of Stanley
 G. Flagg Co., a division of Eltra of Canada Ltd., Mississauga.

Dickey-John Corp. of Auburn, Ill., to acquire control of Foss Electric
 Canada Ltd. of Cornwall, Ont.

Ducketts Ltd. of Regina, a subsidiary of Reed Stenhouse Cos. Ltd. of
 Toronto, which is equally owned by Stenhouse Holdings Ltd. of Britain and
 by Canadian residents, to acquire control of Garnet Barlow and Joe Lang
 Insurance Ltd. of Regina.

Farrington Business Systems Ltd. of Mississauga, owned by DBS Inc. of
 the United States, to acquire control of the AM Addressograph division of
 AM International Inc., Toronto.

Fireman's Fund Insurance Co. of San Francisco to acquire control of
 Agency Records Control (Canada) Inc. of Toronto, owned by ARC Automation
 Group Inc. of Houston.

Foxxco Ltd. of Burnaby, Earl Filer of Victoria, Dorothy Forester of
 Richmond, B.C., and Levolor Lorentzen Inc. of Lyndhurst, N.J., to acquire
 control of Canadian Window Coverings Corp. of Burnaby.

Geosource Inc. of Houston to acquire control of Crosby Valve Ltd. of
 Burlington, a wholly owned subsidiary of Crosby Valve and Gage Co. of
 Houston.

Howe-Baker Engineers Inc. of Tyler, Tex., Thaddeus Joseph Bartkiewicz,
 Ian MacGregor, James Clifford Sanden and Richard Sukovieff, all of
 Calgary, to acquire control of Abax Energy Services Ltd. of lgary.

IBC AG of Switzerland to acquire control of Kobefab International Ltd.,
 Kobe Fabrics Ltd., and Cornelius de Kort Ltd., all of Burlington. Kobe is
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Cornelius Co. of Anoka, Minn.

Johannes Moller France SARL of France to acquire control of Manutair
 Canada Ltee of Montreal.

Krupp Wilputte Corp. of Murray Hill, N.J., a subsidiary of Fried. Krupp
 GmbH of West Germany, to acquire control of Wilputte Canada Inc. of
 Rexdale, Ont., a subsidiary of Wilputte Corp. of Murray Hill.

Leach and Garner Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a subsidiary of Leach and
 Garner Co. of Attleboro, Mass., to establish a business in the Toronto
 area to manufacture basic precious metal products.

Manjit Singh Shihn, Ajit Singh Shihn and Kuldip Kaur Shihn, all of
 Britain, to establish a business in Fredericton, N.B., to manufacture
 scientific and medical glass apparatus.

Merit Manufacturing Ltd. of Windsor, Ont., equally owned by two
 Canadian residents and two U.S. residents, to acquire control of Toga
 Manufacturing Ltd. of Windsor.

Northfab Systems Inc. of Thomasville, N.C., to establish a business at
 Strathroy, Ont., to manufacture biomass combustion systems, air filtration
 systems and fire and explosion protection systems.

Oceaneering International Inc. of Houston to acquire control of Marinav
 Corp. of Ottawa.

Orbit Valve International Inc. of Little Rock, Ark., to establish a
 business in Calgary, initially to import and service valves and valve
 actuators for the oil, gas and petrochemical industries and later to
 assemble and manufacture the products.

PPG Industries Inc. of Pittsburgh to acquire control of Bowers Printing
 Ink Co. of Canada Ltd., Markham, Ont., a subsidiary of Mallinckrodt Inc.
 of St. Louis, owned by Avon Products Inc. of New York.

Rockwell International of Canada Ltd., Toronto, a subsidiary of
 Rockwell International Corp. of Pittsburgh, to acquire control of Hills-
 McCanna Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, a subsidiary of Hills-McCanna Co. of
 Carpentersville, Ill.

Select Formula Life Products Inc. of Montreal, owned 75 per cent by a
 U.S. citizen and 25 per cent by a Canadian, to establish a business in
 Montreal to import and distribute vitamins, nutritional supplements and
 natural cosmetics.

Sharon Steel Corp. of Miami Beach, Fla., to acquire control of
 Streamline Copper and Brass Ltd. of Strathroy, Ont., a subsidiary of
 Mueller Brass Co. of Port Huron, Mich.

Silver Recovery Systems of Canada Ltd., Edmonton, owned 48.5 per cent
 by a U.S. resident and 51.5 per cent by two Canadians, to establish a
 business in Edmonton to recover silver from photographic wastes.

Summit Transportation Inc. of Dallas to acquire control of Hill and
 Hill Transport of Canada Ltd., Edmonton, owned by Hill and Hill Truck
 Lines Inc. of Houston.

Suramco Chemicals Research Ltd. of Calgary, owned by Suramco Inc. of
 Houston, to establish a business in Calgary to blend, sell and distribute
 specialty chemicals to the oil and gas industry.

Techmark Corp. of Newport, R.I., to establish a business in Toronto to
 provide engineering and design services in conjunction with industrial
 energy recovery systems.

Transamerica Delaval Inc. of Lawrenceville, N.J., to acquire control of
 Berkeley Pump Ltd. of Ajax, Ont., a subsidiary of Berkeley Pump Co. of
 Berkeley, Calif.

A proposal by Tricil Ltd. of Mississauga, equally owned by Trimac Ltd.
 of Calgary and Canadian Industries Limited of Montreal, controlled by
 Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of Haul-
 Away Waste Removal Services (Edmonton) Ltd. of Edmonton.

George Vanston and Pamela Vanston of Markham, and Terry Loebel of St.
 Petersburg, Fla., to acquire control of Valpak of Canada Ltd., Markham.

Weresch Automat GmbH of West Germany and William Singer of Markham,
 Ont., to establish a business in Markham to market, service, design and
 assemble machines for the sorting, trimming and bending of electronic
 components for mounting on printed circuit boards.

Marion Young of Scotland to establish a business at Listowel, Ont., to
 import and sell Clydesdale horses.

NL Industries Inc. of New York to acquire control of Sperry-Sun of
 Canada Ltd., Edmonton.

Norcen Energy Resources Ltd. of Toronto and Marubeni Corp. of Japan to
 establish a business in Calgary to explore for, develop and produce coal.
    102015 Canada Ltee of Montreal, owned 75 per cent by Inter-Invest Corp.
 of Israel and 25 per cent by 92222 Canada Corp. Ltee of Ville d'Anjou,
 Que., to establish a business in Quebec to manufacture clutch facings and
 other friction materials.

France to acquire control of Marine Industries Ltd. of Sorel, Que., BG
 Checo International Ltd. of Montreal, Cegelec Industrie Inc. of Laprairie,
 Que., Cegelec Alsthom Canada Inc., also of Laprairie, Sabrice Ltd. of
 Laval, Que., Fulmen Inc. of Louisville, Que., Saft Batteries Ltd. of
 Toronto and Turboforage Meyrfor Canada Ltd. of Calgary.

Service Corp. International of Houston to acquire control of Canadian
 Funeral Management Inc. of Montreal, owned by IFS Industries Inc. of San
 Diego, Calif., which owns and operates funeral homes.

Toys R Us Inc. of Rochelle Park, N.J., to establish a business in
 Toronto to operate a chain of retail stores specializing in toys and
 games.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              May 2, 2006 Tuesday

IT e-tailer growing strong and ready for take-off

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 653 words


The voice you hear when you phone IT hardware and software e-tailer acquire.
co.nz has the ring of a pilot's in-flight greeting.

"Welcome aboard," it says, as though you're about to embark on a long flight.

It's the first sign of the quirky humour that pervades this fast-growing
company.

Spend any time with the small Acquire team and you realise they take neither
themselves nor the competitive industry in which they work too seriously.

A lanky doberman-kelpie cross trots around the Acquire office and lends his paw
print to the company's weekly newsletter. A flat-screen TV is set up with an
Xbox 360 games console for lulls in business. But there aren't many of them
these days.

Acquire, which celebrates five years of trading this month, had record monthly
turnover of $1.1 million in March. That compares with $660,000 last March and
$1.3 million in the entire first year the company was in business.

Customers who pay unscheduled visits to Acquire's Ellerslie premises are
surprised to discover the entire operation is run out of an aluminium garage
that sits behind a modest, ageing house.

Acquire's eight fulltime staff work side by side, answering phones and switching
roles as required.

With rapid revenue growth and expansion into new business areas, the company's
headcount will increase again this year. But the owners will welcome new
employees into their home, not a new office space.

"We don't feel the need to rush into town with everyone else," said Simon Scott,
founder and director of supply chains. A second storey will be built on the
garage to accommodate the staff.

Formed by Scott and partners Clive Glover and Kelly Raines, Acquire has spent
the past few years perfecting its e-commerce model, which connects suppliers of
IT products with thousands of customers, mainly in the business sector.

Acquire arrived on the IT scene at a time when the deflating dotcom bubble was
claiming several high-profile and well-funded New Zealand internet companies, a
situation that left little appetite for external funding.

"No one wanted to invest in e-commerce when we started, so we got used to the
idea of funding growth out of revenue," Scott said.

It began as a bare-bones operation with a handful of customers.

"We started with a small server, one hard drive and no back-up," he said.

Now there are many more computers and a procurement software platform that
Acquire is readying for sale to companies operating in other sectors.

Scott said the system, which was developed to work on Microsoft's Commerce
Server platform and had just been rebuilt to be .Net compatible, was better than
the procurement systems used by some of Acquire's largest suppliers.

The system can generate quotes and have them emailed out in minutes. The depth
of information it can provide gives Acquire's suppliers a clear picture of sales
performance and customers can keep close tabs on their IT spend.

Acquire will now redesign the system for companies that want to adapt it to
their own lines of business.

Acquire is also embarking on a strategy to get better access to the New Zealand
business heartland - small businesses.

In the first of several partnerships in the works, Acquire built an IT portal
(it-vital.com) for the Auckland Chamber of Commerce, which allows members to
place orders for IT products through its website. Acquire operates the portal,
processes all the orders and offers member-only deals.

It's second portal partnership is with the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
The aim is to extend the portal concept to other industries and thereby attempt
to become their default IT procurement option.

Who: Simon Scott, co-founder, director of supply chain.

Where: Auckland.

What: Online sales of IT hardware and software.

Why: Scott says Acquire is more than an internet-based sales operation, now
acting as the IT procurement manager for thousands of businesses, using its
purpose-built software to manage the relationships.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday

The day in deals

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 322 words


A look at the moves made by non-Canadian teams yesterday before the National
Hockey League trading deadline:

*  Carolina Hurricanes acquire forward Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for forward Niklas Nordgren, forward Krys Kolanos and second-round
draft pick in 2007.

* Colorado Avalanche acquire forward Jim Dowd from Chicago Blackhawks for
fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

*  Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Willie Mitchell and a second-round draft pick
in 2007 from Minnesota Wild for defencemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle.

*  Detroit Red Wings acquire defenceman Cory Cross from Pittsburgh for a
fourth-round draft pick in 2007.

*  Florida Panthers re-sign forward Olli Jokinen to a four-year contract;
acquire defenceman Ric Jackman from Pittsburgh for centre Petr Taticek.

*  New Jersey Devils acquire defenceman Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders
for a third-round draft pick in 2006.

*  New York Rangers acquire defenceman Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim Mighty Ducks
for a third-round draft pick in 2006.

*  Philadelphia Flyers acquire defenceman Denis Gauthier from Phoenix Coyotes
for left winger Josh Gratton and two second-round draft picks in 2006; acquire
forward Niko Dimitrakos from San Jose Sharks for a third-round pick in 2006.

*  Phoenix trade defenceman Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim Mighty Ducks for forward
Joel Perreault; acquire forward Oleg Kvasha from Islanders for a third-round
draft pick in 2006; acquire defenceman Jamie Rivers from Detroit for a
seventh-round draft pick in 2007; acquire forward Yannick Lehoux from Los
Angeles for forward Tim Jackman.

*  Pittsburgh claim defenceman Andy Hilbert from Chicago.

*  Washington Capitals claim forward Rico Fata from Atlanta Thrashers; trade
forward Jeff Friesen to Anaheim for a second-round draft pick in 2006; trade
defenceman Brendan Witt to Nashville Predators for centre Kris Beech and a
first-round draft pick in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Rundown of State Laws Granting Banks Interstate Powers

                             May 7, 1987, Thursday


To date, only seven states - Arkansas, Colorado, Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, New
Hampshire, and Vermont - still lack a law that permits some kind of interstate
banking. The District of Columbia and the remaining 43 states all have
interstate banking legislation in place, as follows. This feature is compiled by
Don Munro. ALABAMA: Under legislation that takes effect on July 1, 1987, bank
holding companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks on a reciprocal
basis. The institution being acquired must have been in existence for at least
five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law that went into effect on Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state
institutions to set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992.
Arizona financial institutions formed after May 31, 1984, have protection from
hostile out-of-state bidders until they are five years old.

CALIFORNIA: Effective July 1, 1987, California banks may be acquired by bank
holding companies in the states that make up the 12th Federal Reserve District
(Hawaii, Alaska, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, and Arizona), plus
Texas, New Mexico, and Colorado. Signed in September 1986, the legislation
hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer. Full, nationwide, reciprocal
banking begins on Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking
companies outside the approved region with units in states inside the region may
not enter California until the nationwide trigger date goes into effect.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut
only if those states have reciprocal legislation.

DELAWARE: Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies
to establish limited-purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks. The laws
restrict the operations to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Banking companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the District of Columbia on a
reciprocal basis. Banks outside of the reciprocal region are also permitted to
acquire District of Columbia banks as long as the out-of-state institution makes
certain investments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact. They are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The law,
passed in 1984, stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be
at least two years old. Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state
bank holding companies (the NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and the Northern Trust
Co., Chicago) that already have grandfathered operations in the state to make
further in-state acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia
may acquire Georgia banks under the state's 1984 law. The state of the acquiring
bank must have reciprocal legislation. The law also states that the in-state
bank being acquired must be at least five years old.

IDAHO: Financial institutions from six contiguous states (Montana, Nevada,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming) may acquire Idaho institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The 1985 law also stipulates that the in-state institution
must be at least four years old.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the six contiguous states of Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois
banks and bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. A 1984 law states that
out-of-state banking organizations may acquire an in-state bank with liquidity
problems. The in-state institution also must have more than $1 billion in
assets. In 1981, Illinois also passed a law that permitted the General
Bancshares Corp., St. Louis, a bank holding company with grandfathered holdings
in Illinois under the authority of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, to
acquire additional in-state institutions.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions on a reciprocal
basis. The law, passed in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law,
effective June 1, 1987, adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a
reciprocal basis goes into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: According to 1984 legislation, bank holding companies from anywhere in
the nation may acquire Kentucky banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, banking companies and savings
and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks, but only on a
reciprocal basis. The legislation takes effect on July 1, 1987. Full interstate
banking on a reciprocal basis also is set to become effective on Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. The New York bank also now may solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. On July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, and Tennessee will be permitted to enter the state on a reciprocal
basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state permits bank branching and bank holding company
acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states. The
Massachusetts law was passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Bank holding companies in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, and
Indiana may enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under the authority of a law
that took effect in January. After Oct. 10, 1988, banks from anywhere in the
nation may acquire Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota banks on a
reciprocal basis. The law also allows savings and loans in the region to acquire
Minnesota S&Ls and set up branches in the state, but only on a reciprocal basis.


MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas may acquire
Mississippi banks on a reciprocal basis after July 1, 1988. On July 1, 1990,
banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be allowed to enter the state on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Tennessee, and Oklahoma have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks, but only on a reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Under a 1983 state law, out-of-state bank holding companies located
anywhere in the United States may enter Nebraska only if they limit their
activities to the credit card business in single-office banks. The
Minnesota-based Norwest Corp., a multibank holding company that has
grandfathered operations in Nebraska, is permitted to make additional in state
acquisitions.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. After
July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a de
novo office. On Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal limitations will be dropped.

NEW JERSEY: In March 1986, this state enacted a law giving banks in New Jersey
reciprocity with banks in Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia. Nationwide, reciprocal banking goes
into effect Jan. 1, 1988.

NEW MEXICO: In February 1986, this state passed a law allowing out-of state
organizations to buy failed New Mexico financial institutions. It stipulates
that out-of-state bidders may be solicited only if state and federal regulators
are unable to find qualified in-state buyers for a failed institution. The law
carried an emergency clause that made it effective immediately.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere
in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a reciprocal
basis. The North Carolina law was enacted in 1984.

NORTH DAKOTA: In April 1987, this state enacted a law allowing Bremer Financial
Corp., based in St. Paul, Minn., to sell nine banks it owns in North Dakota to
companies located outside North Dakota. Bremer also has subsidiaries in
Minnesota and Wisconsin. The new law, the only piece of legislation allowing
interstate activity of any kind in North Dakota, goes into effect July 1, 1987.

OHIO: In 1985, this state passed a law authorizing the state superintendent of
banks to approve applications by out-of-state bank holding companies to acquire
thrifts that have been placed under state receivership. In addition, only
banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia may enter Ohio, and only on a
reciprocal basis. They also are limited to no more than 20% ownership of the
state's bank and thrift deposits. After Oct. 16, 1988, banks from any state may
acquire Ohio banks on a reciprocal basis.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limits attached to Oklahoma's law. However, in order to
expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Washington, Oregon, Idaho,
California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, and Alaska have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Under a law already
effective, banking companies in those eight states may acquire failing in-state
institutions.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since Aug. 25, 1986, banking companies from New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, and the District of Columbia,
have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania banks, but only on a reciprocal
basis. New York banks will be allowed in the state on March 4, 1990, also the
trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state. After July 1, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Rhode Island
banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks on
a reciprocal basis. The law also states that the bank being acquired must have
existed for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States may
acquire and charter a new single-office, limited-purpose bank in South Dakota.
They must, however, limit operations to the insurance or credit card business.
The legislation was created expressly for Citicorp, which set up a credit card
base in the state in 1980. However, no banks yet have been permitted to
established an insurance-only-business in South Dakota. Under the law,
out-of-state banking companies are also are permitted to acquire an existing
state-chartered, single-office bank, but they may not maintain other offices.

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state on a
reciprocal basis. No banking company may acquire a bank that has been operating
for less than five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired unless it has been in operation
for the last five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Out-of-state bank holding companies from 11 states may acquire Utah banks
on a reciprocal basis. The states are Idaho, Montana, Alaska, Wyoming,
Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii.
Reciprocity is not required if out-of-state banking companies wish to acquire
failing institutions. A nationwide trigger date of Dec. 31, 1987, will permit
the acquisition of healthy banks and thrifts by banking companies from anywhere
in the nation.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire banks in Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The in-state
institution must be at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. On July 1, 1987, banking companies will be permitted to acquire
healthy institutions that are at least three years old, but only on a reciprocal
basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio, and
Kentucky may acquire respectively, Wisconsin banks, savings and loans, and
credit unions. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Effective May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from
any state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law,
which was passed early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates,
however, that the charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at
least three years old.

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 2792 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                              80 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     March 14, 2001 Wednesday Final Edition

A look at all 17 trades from yesterday's pre-deadline flurry

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 451 words


* Phoenix Coyotes trade forward Keith Tkachuk to St. Louis Blues in exchange for
forwards Michal Handzus, Ladislav Nagy, the rights to forward Jeff Taffe and a
first-round draft pick in 2001 or 2002.

* Montreal Canadiens acquire forwards Jan Bulis and Richard Zednik and a 2001
first-round draft pick from Washington Capitals in exchange for centre Trevor
Linden, winger Dainius Zubrus and a second-round draft pick (previously acquired
from New Jersey) in 2001.

* Ottawa Senators acquire centre Mike Sillinger from Florida Panthers in
exchange for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida) in 2001 or
2002.

* Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Curtis Leschyshyn from the Minnesota Wild
in exchange for a third-round pick in 2001 and a conditional pick in 2002.

* Buffalo Sabres acquire winger Donald Audette from Atlanta Thrashers in
exchange for rights to forward Kamil Piros and a fourth-round pick in 2001.

* Buffalo Sabres acquire winger Steve Heinze from Columbus Blue Jackets in
exchange for a third-round draft pick in 2001.

* Calgary Flames trade forward Cory Stillman to St. Louis Blues in exchange for
centre Craig Conroy and a seventh-round draft pick in 2001.

* Florida Panthers acquire centre Kevyn Adams and a conditional pick in 2001 or
2002 from Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for centre Ray Whitney.

* Pittsburgh Penguins acquire defenceman Frantisek Kucera from Columbus Blue
Jackets in exchange for a sixth-round pick in 2001.

* Toronto Maple Leafs acquire defenceman Aki Berg from Los Angeles Kings in
exchange for centre Adam Mair and a second-round pick in 2001.

* Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Florida Panthers in
exchange for a second-round pick in 2001.

* Chicago Blackhawks trade forward Dean McAmmond to Philadelphia Flyers in
exchange for a third-round pick in 2001.

* Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Sven Butenschon from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for winger Dan LaCouture.

* Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Craig Millar from the Tampa Bay Lightning
in exchange for forward John Emmons.

* Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Grant Ledyard from Tampa Bay Lightning in
exchange for a seventh-round draft pick in 2001.

* Anaheim Mighty Ducks acquire defenceman Alexei Tezikov and a fourth-round
draft choice in 2001 from the Washington Capitals in exchange for defenceman
Jason Marshall.

* Philadelphia Flyers acquire centre Matthew Herr from Washington Capitals in
exchange for defenceman Dean Melanson.

Other moves

* Columbus Blue Jackets claim winger Blake Sloan off waivers from Dallas Stars.

* St. Louis Blues claim centre Sebastien Bordeleau off waivers from Nashville
Predators.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              81 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Federal Reserve System 1985 CRA Protests Leading to Agreements*

                           September 5, 1986, Friday

BANK/BANK HOLDING COMPANY  Application                     Protestant

Chemical New York Corp.    Acquire Chemical Bank           St. Nicolas CDC
                           Jericho, N.Y.)

First Atlanta Corp.        Acquire Bancshares of           Acorn
                           Georgia Inc., Montezuma)

United Banks of            Acquire Colorado                Acorn
Colorado Inc., Denver)     Springs National Bank

Equimark Corp., Pittsburgh Establish Philadelphia branches Acorn

Citizens and Southern      Acquire Landmark                Legal Services of
Corp., Atlanta             Banking Corporation             of Florida**
                           of Florida,
                           Fort Lauderdale)

Hartford National          Acquire Seymour Trust           537 individual
Corp., Hartford, Conn.)    Co., Seymour, Conn.)            citizens

International Bancorp.,    Establish International         Acorn
Denver]                    Bank of Wheat Ridge,
                           Wheat Ridge, Colo.)

Pembroke Bancshares Inc.,  Acquire Stadium Bank,           Key Coalition
Kansas City, Mo.)          Kansas City)

First Union Corp.,         Acquire Atlantic Bancorp.,      Legal Services of
Charlotte, N.C.)           Jacksonville, Fla.)*            Florida

Manufacturers Hanover      Establish a midtown New         Lower East Side
Trust Co., New York)       York City branch                Joint Planning
                                                           Council

General Banshares          Acquire Boatman'S Banc-         Acorn**
Corp., St. Louis)          shares Inc., St. Louis)

United Virginia Bank-      Acquire NS & T Bankshares       DC Reinvestment
shares, Richmond           Inc., Washington, D.C.)         Alliance**

Fleet Financial Group      Acquire First Connecticut       Citizens Re-
Inc., Providence, R.I.)    Bancorp, Hartford)              search Education
                           and Merrill                     Network and
                           Bankshares Co., Bangor,         Human Relations
                           Maine)                          Commission

Bank of New England        Acquire Old Colony Bank,        South Provi-
Corp., Boston              Providence, R.I.)               dence Revital-
                                                           ization Committee

Fidecor, Rosemont, Penn.)  Acquire IVB Financial           Eastern North
                           Corp., Philadelphia             Philadelphia
                                                           Initiative Coalition

* List does not include 13 agreements concluded to avoid CRA protest.

** Agreement is written and signed.

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 326 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              82 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                March 10, 2004 Wednesday All but Toronto Edition

Biggest talent comes North: No blockbuster deals: Big news in names that did not
move: Kolzig, Witt, Hill

SOURCE: National Post, with files from The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Jeremy Sandler

SECTION: Sports; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 1422 words

It is, after all, called Deadline Day, not Big Deal Day.

The buzzer sounded on hockey's annual horse-trading session at 3 p.m. ET
yesterday, but of the 20 swaps made by National Hockey League general managers,
none could really be considered blockbusters.

With Brian Leetch, Peter Bondra and Sergei Gonchar all changing addresses in the
days leading up to the deadline, yesterday meant fine tuning of rosters with
mainly role players and ageing veterans changing teams.

The biggest names to move on the day were 41-year-old Ron Francis, who managed
what many thought impossible when he made the already aged Toronto Maple Leafs
even older, and Martin Rucinsky, who was likely asked to turn out the Madison
Square Garden lights on his way to Vancouver.

"I haven't had a season where you had a shot at the Stanley Cup," said Rucinsky,
who has 13 goals and 42 points this season. "They really have a shot. It's a
great experience for me to go there and win."

While Francis is no longer the player he once was, his faceoff ability and
playoff experience -- he won two Stanley Cup with Pittsburgh in the early 1990s
and led Carolina on an improbable run to the Cup final two years ago -- should
still help the Maple Leafs in their quest to end a 37-year championship drought.

In Vancouver, operating under the pall cast by power forward Todd Bertuzzi's
Monday night Pearl Harbor attack that left Colorado's Steve Moore in hospital
with two broken vertebrae -- Bertuzzi has a disciplinary hearing in Toronto
today -- Canucks general manager Brian Burke started slowly but was among the
busiest traders late in the day.

Burke added Rucinsky, speedy winger Geoff Sanderson from Columbus and defenceman
Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh as well as Sylvain Blouin and Sergei Varlamov in
minor deals.

"We made changes we thought would help, but still preserve our core assets,"
said Burke before flying to Toronto for Bertuzzi's hearing today.

Bigger than the names who moved were the names who did not -- defencemen Brendan
Witt of Washington and Sean Hill of Carolina and Capitals goaltender Olaf
Kolzig.

Hill was willing to waive a no-trade clause, but wanted a contract extension
with a new team, apparently the sticking point in negotiations between Carolina
and Toronto.

Capitals GM George McPhee, who had traded most of the marquee names off his
roster in recent weeks, did not stop dealing yesterday, sending Mike Grier to
Buffalo. But McPhee surprised many by hanging on to Witt and Kolzig.

Rumours had Kolzig, due more than US $12-million over the next two seasons,
headed to one of Toronto, Ottawa or Colorado, but none of those teams bit.
Senators GM John Muckler, who has for weeks insisted he is happy with Patrick
Lalime in net, stuck with his struggling starter and backup Martin Prusek.

"I like Lalime and I like Prusek," Muckler said.

"Lalime is having problems right now. I have a hard time thinking he won't [be
successful] again. I think the best for us was to stay the way we are."

In their first season under the stewardship of billionaire pharmaceuticals maven
Eugene Melnyk after several years of being poor-cousin contenders, Muckler did
keep up the buying ways of Ottawa's Stanley Cup chase.

Having already added Bondra, Todd Simpson and Rob Ray, Muckler traded for
defenceman Greg de Vries of the New York Rangers in exchange for Karel Rachunek
and Alexandre Giroux.

Muckler would not say if the Rangers were picking up any of de Vries' contract,
which still has three years and US $8.8-million to go.

"I'm definitely very excited," de Vries said of joining a top-four defence that
includes Zdeno Chara, Wade Redden and Chris Phillips. "Anytime you can go from a
team that's not going to make the playoffs to a team that's near the top, that's
a good thing.

The arrival of de Vries also made expendable Shane Hnidy, who Muckler flipped to
Nashville for a third-round draft pick.

Also heading south of the border is goalie Tommy Salo, traded to Colorado by
Edmonton, where GM Kevin Lowe admitted Salo's play had been sub-par both this
year and in several failed playoff series.

"In our minds, he wasn't on top of his game," said Oilers GM Kevin Lowe. "He
wasn't comfortable in his game ... whether he wants to agree to it or not."

Salo will be a backup with Colorado, meaning David Aebischer, without a playoff
start on his resume, will backstop the Avalanche's post-season hopes.

Colorado GM Pierre Lacroix, who has added big names like Rob Blake and Ray
Bourque in recent deadline deals, instead made a much smaller deal just after
midnight, trading highly-regarded but inconsistent defenceman Derek Morris to
Phoenix for underachieving centre Chris Gratton and blueliner Ossi Vaananen.

Unlike Colorado, the Maple Leafs passed on adding a goalie as insurance in case
Eddie Belfour's back causes problems in the playoffs, electing to use either
veteran Trevor Kidd or rookie Mikael Tellqvist as the team's backup.

Boston joined a three-team swap with San Jose and Buffalo that saw centre Curtis
Brown join the Sharks, the Sabres get defenceman Jeff Jillson and the Bruins
acquire prospect Brad Boyes and veteran blueliner Andy Delmore.

Tampa Bay, which got defenceman Darryl Sydor from Columbus on Jan. 27 and has
only one regulation loss since, made just a minor deal, acquiring defenceman
Stan Neckar from Nashville in exchange for a draft pick.

All told, 32 players moved in 20 trades, short of last year's record 24 swaps
but equal to the 20 deals made on March 23, 1999.

TRADING SPACES: THE NHL DEADLINE DEALS:

With most of the major moves already completed in the days leading up to
yesterday, this year's deadline deals were more about fine tuning than
overhauling rosters. A summary of moves made in the final hours:

YESTERDAY

Boston acquires F Brad Boyes and D Andy Delmore from San Jose for D Jeff Jillson
and future considerations.

Buffalo acquires D Jeff Jillson and ninth-round draft pick in 2005 from San Jose
for C Curtis Brown and D Andy Delmore; acquires F Mike Grier from Washington for
F Jakub Klepis.

Colorado acquires G Tommy Salo and sixth-round 2005 draft pick from Edmonton for
D Tom Gilbert; acquires F Chris Gratton, D Ossi Vaananen and second-round 2005
draft choice from Phoenix for D Derek Morris and D Keith Ballard.

Columbus acquires F Brian Holzinger from Pittsburgh for F Lasse Pirjeta.

Dallas signs free agent D Lubomir Sekeras.

Nashville acquires D Shane Hnidy from Ottawa for a third-round draft pick in
2004.

New York Islanders acquire D Alexander Karpovtsev from Chicago for a
fourth-round draft pick.

New York Rangers claim F Mike Green off waivers from Florida; claim F Sandy
McCarthy off waivers from Boston; acquire D Jeff Paul from Florida for F Paul
Healey.

Ottawa acquires D Greg de Vries from New York Rangers for D Karel Rachunek and F
Alexandre Giroux.

St. Louis acquires F Brian Savage from Phoenix for future considerations.

Tampa Bay acquires D Stan Neckar from Nashville for a sixth-round draft pick.

Toronto acquires C Ron Francis from Carolina for a fourth-round draft pick in
2005; signs free agent D Calle Johansson; claims F Chad Kilger off waivers from
Montreal.

Vancouver acquires F Geoff Sanderson from Columbus for a third-round draft pick;
acquires F Martin Rucinsky from New York Rangers for D Martin Grenier and F R.J.
Umberger; acquires D Marc Bergevin from Pittsburgh for a conditional draft pick;
acquires F Sylvain Blouin from Montreal for D Rene Vydareny.

Washington claims F Bill Lindsay off waivers from Atlanta; claims D Jean-Luc
Grand-Pierre off waivers from Atlanta.

MONDAY

Atlanta acquires D Kyle Rossiter from Florida for C Kamil Piros.

Buffalo acquires D Brad Brown and a 2005 sixth-round draft pick from Minnesota
for a 2005 fourth-round draft pick.

Calgary acquires F Marcus Nilson from Florida for second-round 2004 draft pick.

Colorado acquires F Matthew Barnaby and third-round 2004 draft pick from N.Y.
Rangers for D Chris McAllister, D David Liffiton and second-round 2004 pick.

Dallas acquires F Valeri Bure from Florida for D Drew Bagnall and conditional
draft pick, gets D Chris Therien from Philadelphia for a 2004 eighth-round and a
2005 third-round draft pick.

Philadelphia acquires D Vladimir Malakhov from N.Y. Rangers for RW Rick Kozak
and a 2005 second-round draft pick.

Los Angeles acquires RW Anson Carter from Washington for F Jared Aulin.

Pittsburgh acquires D Alain Nasreddine from N.Y. Islanders for F Steve Webb.

Source: The Canadian Press

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Rick Stewart, Getty Images; Carolina Hurricanes
captain Ron Francis, 41, who skated with NHL legend Dave Keon when he broke into
the league in Hartford, was the biggest name to move yesterday.; Black & White
Photo: Bob Jordan, The Associated Press; Martin Rucinsky, shipped from the New
York Rangers to the Vancouver Canucks, may be the most talented.; Black & White
Photo: Walter Tychnowicz, The Canadian Press; The Edmonton Oilers sent goalie
Tommy Salo south to the Colorado Avalanche yesterday. Oilers GM Kevin Lowe said
Salo had a sub-par year and poor playoff record.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

State-by-State Look At Laws Granting Interstate Powers

                            March 17, 1987, Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Compiled by Don Munro


This is a state-by-state list of thrift interstate laws that exist.  Some have
yet to be signed by state governors.  This feature has been compiled by Don
Munro.  If there is information you would like to see included in the future,
please contract Mr. Munro at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New
York, N.Y. 10004.

ALASKA: In 1982, this state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts
along with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks.
Reciprocity is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts.  No reciprocity is required.  The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992.  Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Effective July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington may buy California
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.  Under the 1986 law, full nationwide banking --
also on a reciprocal basis -- is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a recirpcal basis.  The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: This state's Assembly passed regional, reciprocal interstate
legislation for thrifts early this year.  The bill, which still awaits the
signature of Gov. Joe Frank Harris, will allow thrift holding companies in
Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire
Georgia thrift holding companies.  The legislation is reciprocal.

IOWA: The Iowa League of Savings Institutions Inc. interprets a 1907 law as
granting nationwide interstate powers to thrifts.  The law states that any
association can merge or acquire any other association in another state, as long
as that state has reciprocal legislation on its books.  However, a bill that the
association says it is proposing sometime this year would clarify that both
federally chartered savings and loans and state-chartered savings and loans and
state-chartered savings and loans have the power to acquire out-of-state savings
associations from any state in the union.  Reciprocity will be required.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, savings and loans from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, North
Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West
Virginia may acquire Louisiana savings and loans, but only on a reciprocal
basis.  The legislation takes effect on July 1, 1987.  Full interstate powers
for thrifts, on a reciprocal basis, are set to become effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide, reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in the state of Maine since 1975.  In 1984, the law was amended to drop the
reciprocity requirement.

MASSACHUSETTS: Thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont, and New
Hampshire may acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a reciprocal basis, according to
a law passed in 1982.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis.  Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation.

MISSISSIPPI: According to a 1982 law, thrifts from any other state may acquire
Mississippi savings and loans, but only on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, and
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis.  The law was passed in 1986.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985.  Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis.  After Jan. 1, 1989,
nonreciprocal, nationwide powers for thrifts go into effect.  After July 1,
1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to set up de novo operations in the
state.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: An October 1985 law allows thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia to acquire Ohio
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.  Nationwide, reciprocal thrift powers go into
effect in November 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire control of and operate as a savings institution an unlimited number of
Oklahoma savings institutions.  The in-state thrifts, however, must be at least
five years old before they can be acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state in the nation
to acquire Oregon savings and loans.  No reciprocity is required.  However,
federally chartered institutions wishing to set up de novo branching in Oregon
must have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, the District of
Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, and West Virginia have
been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.
New York thrifts will be allowed to enter the state after March 4, 1990, also
the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Under a 1983 law, savings and loans from any New England state may
acquire Rhode Island thrifts on a reciprocal basis.  In 1985, the law was
amended to allow nationwide, reciprocal powers, which take effect July 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law.  The legislation is reciprocal.  Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts, but only only on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: As part of its sweeping interstate banking legislation passed in
September 1986, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas thrifts.
No reciprocity is required.  There are some limitations, however.  No Texas
thrift chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired unless it has been in
operation for five years.  The state also requires that at least 50% of the
board of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents.

UTAH: Out-of-state thrifts from 11 states may acquire Utah savings and loans on
a reciprocal basis.  The states are Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho,
Montana, New Mexico, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming.  After Dec. 31,
1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah savings and loans on
a reciprocal basis.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state savings associations whose home states include Alabama,
Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District
of Columbia may acquire Virginia savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.  The
charter of the instate savings and loan being bought must be at least two years
old.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 says that state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state can merge or acquire
Washington savings and loans with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators.  In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinged on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis.  The instate
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans.  The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Effective May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state may
acquire Wyoming thrifts.  Passed early in 1987, the law was designed as
interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules.  It does
not require reciprocity.  It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
instate institution being acquired must be at least three years old.

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1620 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 25, 1987, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

A March 17 article ("State-by-State Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers,"
page 8) incorrectly stated the conditions under which out-of state thrifts can
acquire Texas thrifts. Texas law permits unrestricted access to its thrifts by
any out-of-state institution. It also permits its thrifts to acquire
out-of-state savings and loans, as long as those states include Texas in their
banking compacts.

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                              84 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 15, 1986 Saturday

FOREIGN INVESTMENT

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B13

LENGTH: 1533 words


Four foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Bedding Acquisition (Canada) Ltd. of New York to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Wickes/Simmons Bedding Ltd. of Toronto, which
 designs, manufactures and distributes bedding products; Wickes/Simmons
 Furniture Ltd. of Toronto, which designs, manufactures, and distributes
 wood and upholstered furniture products; and Simmons Ltd. of Toronto,
 which holds the real estate used in the operation of Wickes/Simmons
 Bedding Ltd. and Wickes/Simmons Furniture Ltd.

Blackstone Industrial Products Ltd. of Stratford, Ont., a wholly owned
 subsidiary of the Armstrong Rubber Co. of the United States, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Dayco (Canada) Ltd. and Ranger
 Realty Co., consisting of their rubber products operations of Toronto,
 which makes, distributes and sells rubber products.

Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. of Atlanta to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Goodwill Bottling Ltd. and Goodwill Bottling North
 Ltd. of Victoria, which manufacture and sell pre-mixed beverages,
 foundation syrups and bottled soft drinks from concentrates.

151959 Canada Inc. and 148506 Canada Inc. of Montreal, controlled by
 Dumez SA of France, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 United Westburne Industries Ltd. of Montreal and its subsidiaries, which
 distribute electrical, electronic, plumbing, heating, waterworks, air
 conditioning and telecommunications supplies.

038071 N.B. Ltd. of Saint John, controlled by a U.S. resident, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Maritime Beverages Ltd. of
 Saint John, which bottles and sells soft drink products and has the
 franchise for Pepsi Cola, Seven Up and Dr. Pepper.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Bell-Telic Inc. of Rockville, Md., to establish a business at Toronto to
 provide computer consulting services.

Chas. P. Young Management Services Inc. of New York to establish a
 business at Toronto to provide photocopying and binding facility
 management, including the provision of equipment, supplies and personnel.

Classic Modular Systems (Canada) Ltd. of Two Rivers, Wis., to establish
 a business at Calgary to import, manufacture, sell and distribute modular
 laboratory equipment and furniture.

C. M. Nijpels Meubelen BV and Codex BV of the Netherlands to establish
 a business at Toronto to import and distribute furniture.

Convex Computer Corp. of Richardson, Tex., to establish a business at
 Toronto to sell and service high-performance computer systems.

Dolisos Canada Inc. of France to establish a business at Town of Mt.
 Royal, Que., to manufacture and distribute homeopathic pharmaceutical
 products.

JAC Creative Foods Inc. of Los Angeles to establish a business at
 Scarborough, Ont., to manufacture seafood products.

Louis Feraud Inc. of New York to establish a business at Toronto to
 import and distribute Louis Feraud products, including high-fashion
 women's clothing.

Katsuyo Nogami of Tokyo to establish a business at Yarmouth, N.S., to
 engage in the purchase and export of seafood.

OKI America Inc. of Hackensack, N.J., to establish a business at
 Mississauga, Ont., to sell and service computer printers and other
 peripheral equipment.

P. Hansen-Hoeck Aktieselskab of Denmark to establish a business at
 Toronto to market and service industrial installations and invest in
 realty mortgages, stocks, bonds and other forms of securities.

Pegasus Group Inc. of Arlington, Va., to establish a business at
 Montreal to distribute and manufacture pharmaceutical products.

Reinsurers Marketing BV of the Netherlands to establish a business at
 Toronto to conduct direct response marketing projects.

Sang-Ji (Canada) Inc. of Canada and South Korea to establish a business
 at Toronto to import and distribute automotive parts.

Setpoint Inc. of Houston to establish a business at Toronto to provide
 services related to consulting engineering and technology, including
 certain computer software development.

Societe Anonyme Yvan Paque of Belgium to establish a business at
 Drummondville, Que., to design, manufacture and sell road signs and
 lighting products used in highway applications.

Suburban Leasing of Troy Inc., Troy, Mich., to establish a business at
 Windsor to provide vehicle leasing services.

Walter Wehrmann GmbH of West Germany to establish a business at Toronto
 to wholesale woodworking machinery and provide related installation and
 service.

Acquisitions:

ABF Freight System Inc. of Fort Smith, Ark., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Delta Lines (B.C.) Ltd. of Burnaby, B.C., which
 provides common carrier transportation of freight by motor carrier.

Air Liquide Canada Ltee of France and Weldco Montreal Inc. of Montreal
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Oxygen Weldco Inc.,
 consisting of its Sept-Iles, Que., branch, which distributes cylinder
 gases and welding products.

American Home Products Corp. of New York to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Chesebrough Pond's (Canada) Inc., consisting of its
 Hospital Products division in Markham, Ont., which distributes and sells
 hospital products.

Auradale Investments Ltd., as trustee for BIGR Graf, a West German
 partnership, to acquire control of the business carried on by Cambridge
 Leaseholds Ltd., known as County Fair Mall of Smith Falls, Ont., which is
 a shopping centre.

Boots Drug Stores (Canada) Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Elmvale Pharmacy Ltd. of Ottawa, which is a drug
 store and pharmacy.

Cambridge Instruments Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Deseret Canada Inc. of Belleville,
 Ont., which sells and services scientific instruments.

Compagnie Generale des Eaux of France to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Bennett Pump Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which
 fabricates, assembles and rebuilds gasoline pumps, meters for gasoline
 pumps and tire inflators as well as hand operated petroleum bulk transfer
 pumps and provides related field services and maintenance.

DH Acquisition Corp. of Washington to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Canadian Pneumatic Tool Co. (Ltd.) of Toronto, which imports
 and sells products of Chicago Pneumatic Tool Co.

Dolisos Canada Inc. of France to acquire control of the business
 carried on by 143735 Canada Inc. of Mt. Royal, which distributes
 homeopathic pharmaceutical products.

G. U. S. Canada Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by J. P. Surkis Management and Consulting Inc. of Bathurst,
 N.B., which sells furniture, appliances and home entertainment equipment.

Kompan AS of Denmark to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Kompan Playscapes Inc. of Ottawa, which imports and distributes children's
 playground equipment.

North Land Holdings Inc. of Saudi Arabia to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Clarkson Gordon Inc., in its capacity as interim
 receiver and manager of property located at 55 and 80 Montclair Ave.,
 Toronto, known as Forest Grove Apartments.

Northwestern Golf Enterprises Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of the
 business carried on by TJJ Manufacturing Corp. of Markham, Ont., which
 assembles golf clubs.

Samson International HAG of West Germany to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Samson Controls Inc. of Markham, Ont., which is
 engaged in the assembly and distribution of high- technology
 instrumentation and control equipment.

SEI Financial Services Co. of Wayne, Pa., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Public Affairs Resource Group Ltd., consisting of
 its Pension Fund Associates division in Toronto, which provides pension
 fund evaluation services.

Siebe PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Robertshaw Controls Canada Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures residential
 cooking and gas water heater components, pneumatic environmental building
 controls, energy management controls, industrial level and vibration
 controls and timing services.

Tenneco Inc. of Houston to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Steiger Canada Ltd. of Saskatoon, which markets Steiger tractors, and
 Steiger Credit Canada Ltd., which provides financing for dealers and
 retail customers of Steiger Canada Ltd.

Unilever NV of the Netherlands to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Naarden International (Canada) Inc. of Dorval, Que., which
 imports, manufactures and distributes flavors and fragrances.

United Parcel Service Canada Ltd. of the United States to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Afcon Freight (1983) Ltd. of
 Richmond, B.C., which operates a common motor carrier.

Walmar (Eastern Canada) Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Weight Watchers of Quebec Ltd., Montreal, which
 conducts weight watchers' meetings and offers related services.

Walterscheid Agmaster Inc. of West Germany to acquire control of its
 Agmaster Business division in St. Thomas, Ont., which manufactures farm
 machinery parts.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     March 14, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

Seventeen deadline deals

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. E3

LENGTH: 461 words


NHL trades made Tuesday before the 1 p.m. MST deadline:

- Phoenix Coyotes trade forward Keith Tkachuk to St. Louis Blues in exchange for
forwards Michal Handzus, Ladislav Nagy, the rights to forward Jeff Taffe and a
first-round draft pick in 2001 or 2002.

- Montreal Canadiens acquire forwards Jan Bulis and Richard Zednik and a 2001
first-round draft pick from Washington Capitals in exchange for centre Trevor
Linden, winger Dainius Zubrus and a second-round draft pick (previously acquired
from New Jersey) in 2001.

- Ottawa Senators acquire centre Mike Sillinger from Florida Panthers in
exchange for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida) in 2001 or
2002.

- Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Curtis Leschyshyn from the Minnesota Wild
in exchange for a third-round pick in 2001 and a conditional pick in 2002.

- Buffalo Sabres acquire winger Donald Audette from Atlanta Thrashers in
exchange for rights to forward Kamil Piros and a fourth-round pick in 2001.

- Buffalo Sabres acquire winger Steve Heinze from Columbus Blue Jackets in
exchange for a third-round draft pick in 2001.

- Calgary Flames trade forward Cory Stillman to St. Louis Blues in exchange for
centre Craig Conroy and a seventh-round draft pick in 2001.

- Florida Panthers acquire centre Kevyn Adams and a conditional pick in 2001 or
2002 from Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for centre Ray Whitney.

- Pittsburgh Penguins acquire defenceman Frantisek Kucera from Columbus Blue
Jackets in exchange for a sixth-round pick in 2001.

- Toronto Maple Leafs acquire defenceman Aki Berg from Los Angeles Kings in
exchange for centre Adam Mair and a second-round pick in 2001.

- Phoenix Coyotes acquire defenceman Todd Simpson from Florida Panthers in
exchange for a second-round pick in 2001.

- Chicago Blackhawks trade forward Dean McAmmond to Philadelphia Flyers in
exchange for a third-round pick in 2001.

- Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Sven Butenschon from Pittsburgh Penguins in
exchange for winger Dan LaCouture.

- Ottawa Senators acquire defenceman Craig Millar from the Tampa Bay Lightning
in exchange for forward John Emmons.

- Dallas Stars acquire defenceman Grant Ledyard from Tampa Bay Lightning in
exchange for a seventh-round draft pick in 2001.

- Anaheim Mighty Ducks acquire defenceman Alexei Tezikov and a fourth-round
draft choice in 2001 from the Washington Capitals in exchange for defenceman
Jason Marshall.

- Philadelphia Flyers acquire centre Matthew Herr from Washington Capitals in
exchange for defenceman Dean Melanson.

Other Moves

- Columbus Blue Jackets claim winger Blake Sloan off waivers from Dallas Stars.

- St. Louis Blues claim centre Sebastien Bordeleau off waivers from Nashville
Predators.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Aki Berg

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 17, 1986 Thursday

Investment Canada receives notifications

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 739 words


Notice was given for plans by:

Cosmair Canada Inc. of Montreal to acquire control of the business
 carried on by RLP Fragrance Ltd., also of Montreal, which manufactures and
 sells perfume products.

Dynatech Communications Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of
 the business carried on by AEG Bayly Inc., consisting of certain assets of
 its Omniplexer division in Ajax, Ont., which is engaged in the
 development, manufacture and marketing of communications transmission
 devices.

Efamol Holdings PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Efamol Research Inc. of Kentville, N.S., which distributes
 nutritional supplements and conducts medical research.

Gelco Express Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Rapicom Courrier Service (Canada) Inc. of Montreal,
 which provides small parcel courier service.

Jeumont-Schneider Quebec Inc. of France to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Signarail Canada Inc. of St-Laurent, Que., which
 sells and designs electronic guidance systems for railways.

Pigments & Couleurs International Inc.-International Pigments & Colours
 Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Hercules Canada Inc. of St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que., which manufactures
 and sells pigments.

654958 Ontario Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Fidinam (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which provides services in
 the management and development of real estate; Direzione Lavori of Canada
 Ltd., Toronto, which supervises the construction of buildings and
 renovations in conjunction with Fidinam Properties Inc.; Fidinam Realties
 Ltd. of Toronto, which acts as a broker in conjunction with Fidinam
 Properties Inc.; Select Security Services Ltd. of Toronto, which provides
 security services for Fidinam Properties Inc.

Sola USA Inc. of Petaluma, Calif., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Syntex Inc., consisting of its Ophthalmics division in
 Mississauga, Ont., which distributes contact lenses and related after-care
 products.

Sopropeche SA of France to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Sopropeche Canada Inc. of Ancaster, Ont., which distributes fish
 protein products.

Sverige Inc. of Norway to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Les Design Sverige Inc. and Les Ateliers de Repoussage Sofini Ltee of St-
 Laurent, Que., which manufactures, sells and distributes lighting
 products.

3M Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Phakosystems Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures and
 distributes electrically powered ophthalmic microsurgical equipment.

612013 Ontario Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by The Source Antiques of Toronto, which retails and wholesales
 antiques, bric-a-brac, and pub accessories.

Tillinghast Nelson & Warren Inc. of Atlanta, Ga., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Tillinghast Nelson & Warren Inc. of Toronto,
 which provides actuarial and management consulting services.

Tradition Service Holdings SA of Switzerland to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Dominion Securities-Tradition Inc. of Toronto,
 which provides financial brokerage services.

Combustion Engineering Canada Inc. of the United States and Advanced
 Forest Automation Canada Inc. of Finland to establish a business at Pointe
 Claire, Que., to be engaged in the licencing of pulp and paper
 applications software and to sell process control systems for pulp and
 paper industry mill operations.

Elmslie Consultancy Services Inc. of Britain and the United States to
 establish a business at Calgary to be engaged in loss prevention
 engineering consulting and insurance claims consulting relating to energy
 and marine risks.

Papeteries de Jeand'heurs SA of France to establish a business at
 Toronto to manufacture and/or distribute wallpaper and other paper
 products.

SBP Inc. of Philadelphia to establish a business at Toronto to be
 engaged in the development of technology to convert agricultural products
 into polymeric products.

640537 Ontario Inc. of Hong Kong to establish a business at Markham,
 Ont., to sell pastries and light meals.

The Learning Annex of New York to establish a business at Toronto to
 provide a wide range of courses to adults for personal development and
 self-improvement.

Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at
 Toronto to handle ticket sales for its airline.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            November 27, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Acquiring quite a big reputation;
Local choir step up to the big league with Blake

SECTION: WHATS ON;NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 445 words


A Denbighshire choir are celebrating after being chosen to sing with Brit
award-winning classical male vocal trio Blake at their Christmas Classics show
which takes place in Llandudno next weekend.

Rhuddlan-based mixed voice community choir Acquire, have been selected to sing
with Blake at the concert at Venue Cymru on Friday December 4, at 7.30pm.

The evening will be full of festive cheer, and during this two hour stage
spectacular, Blake will perform an eclectic range of Yuletide songs taken from
their debut Christmas album which was released earlier this month.

The show will also feature video projections and the groups famous fast-paced
comedy banter.

The following evening, Saturday, December 5, Acquire will be performing in their
own Christmas with Acquire concert at St Illtyd's Church, Rhuddlan, at 7.30pm.

Musical Director and founder Leslie Churchill Ward says: "Our annual Christmas
concert means so much to us as it is our holiday gift to our community.

"Like other years the concert will include music from Acquire's repertoire as
well as seasonal songs, but this year the Christmas singalong will culminate
with a rousing rendition of The Hallelujah Chorus from Handel's Messiah."

To request free tickets, please email info@acquire-choir.com Acquire's final
performance of 2015 will be on Thursday, December 10, in Tenovus Cancer Care's
TICKETS Tickets for Blake available at www.venuecymru.co.uk or call 01492
872000.

Lovelight Concert in St Asaph Cathedral at 7pm. Wales Rugby Legend and Tenovus
Patron Rupert Moon, will host proceedings.

This year has been a busy one for Acquire which was founded in 2010, and who
perform music in all styles including musical theatre, gospel, pop, classical,
and jazz.

In October, the 70-strong choir were honoured to perform at the Mike Peters and
The Alarm's 30th anniversary concert at the Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff.

Mike, who lives in Dyserth, has formed a close association with Acquire over the
past two years, asking them to record vocals on his albums Declaration 2014 and
Strength 2015, as well as appearing on stage with him in the Horizons Sing
concert in Cardiff in 2014 for BBC Radio Wales and at The Gathering in Llandudno
in January 2015.

Leslie added: "Acquire was thrilled to be invited to celebrate this inspiring
man and his music in this landmark event in such a prestigious venue. It was
also an unexpected honour and privilege for me to have been asked to arrange
vocals on a number of the songs."

For details of ¦ forthcoming events or to contact Acquire, please get in touch
via their website at www.acquire-choir.com or you can find them on Facebook by
searching under 'Acquire Appreciation'

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rhuddlan-based mixed voice community choir Acquire have been selected
to sing with Brit Award-winning male vocal group Blake in their 'Christmas
Classics' gig

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPW


                       Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

State-by-State Look at Laws Granting Thrifts Interstate Powers

                             May 7, 1987, Thursday


This state-by-state list of thrift interstate laws covers some that have yet to
be signed by state governors. The feature is compiled by Don Munro. If there is
information you would like to see included in future listings, please contact
Mr. Munro at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10004.
ALASKA: In 1982, this state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts
along with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks.
Reciprocity is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Effective July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington may buy California
thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Under the 1986 law, full nationwide banking -
also on a reciprocal basis - is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: This state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts early in 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama, the
District of Columbia, Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Georgia thrift
holding companies. The legislation is reciprocal.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April permits savings and loans in Michigan, Ohio,
Kentucky, and Illinois to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. If signed by Gov. Robert D. Orr, the legislation will
take effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: The Iowa League of Savings Institutions Inc. interprets a 1907 law as
granting nationwide interstate powers to thrifts.  The law states that any
association can merge or acquire any other association in another state, as long
as that state has reciprocal legislation on its books. However, a bill that the
association says it is proposing sometime this year would clarify that both
federally chartered savings and loans and state-chartered savings and loans have
the power to acquire out-of-state savings associations from any state in the
union. Reciprocity will be required.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, savings and loans from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, North
Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West
Virginia may acquire Louisiana savings and loans, but only on a reciprocal
basis. The legislation takes effect on July 1, 1987. Full interstate powers for
thrifts, on a reciprocal basis, are set to become effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide, reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in the state of Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the
reciprocity requirement.

MARYLAND: This state has passed an interstate law that would allow savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia to acquire Maryland thrifts on
a reciprocal basis. It will become effective July 1, 1987 if it is signed by
Gov. William Donald Schaefer.

MASSACHUSETTS: Thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont, and New
Hampshire may acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a reciprocal basis, according to
a law passed in 1982.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation.

MISSISSIPPI: According to a 1982 law, thrifts from any other state may acquire
Mississippi savings and loans, but only on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, and
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. After Jan. 1, 1989,
nonreciprocal, nationwide powers for thrifts go into effect. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state thrifts are permitted to set up de novo operations in the state.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: An October 1985 law allows thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia to acquire Ohio
thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nationwide, reciprocal thrift powers go into
effect in November 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire control of and operate as a savings institution an unlimited number of
Oklahoma savings institutions. The in-state thrifts, however, must be at least
five years old before they can be acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state in the nation
to acquire Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However,
federally chartered institutions wishing to set up de novo branching in Oregon
must have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, the District of
Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, and West Virginia have
been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.
New York thrifts will be allowed to enter the state after March 4, 1990, also
the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Under a 1983 law, savings and loans from any New England state may
acquire Rhode Island thrifts on a reciprocal basis. In 1985, the law was amended
to allow nationwide, reciprocal powers, which take effect July 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: According to a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and
operate branches in any state which includes Texas in its regional or national
banking compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and
Loan League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas
thrift.

UTAH: Out-of-state thrifts from 11 states may acquire Utah savings and loans on
a reciprocal basis. The states are Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho,
Montana, New Mexico, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming. After Dec. 31,
1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah savings and loans on
a reciprocal basis.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations whose home
states include Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in-state savings and
loan being bought must be at least two years old. The law also states that at
least 80% of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region
defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 says that state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state can merge or acquire
Washington savings and loans with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinged on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Effective May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state may
acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed as
interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It does
not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 1736 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                              89 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Trigger Dates: A State-by-State Review of Falling Borders

                             May 27, 1986, Tuesday

Compiled by Don Munro


How will interstate banking legislation affect your bank's acquisition goals?
The following is a partial listing of important interstate banking laws, with
dates, as of May 22. This feature is compiled by Don Munro.  .

ALABAMA: Under legislation passed on Feb. 20 that takes effect on July 1, 1987,
bank holding companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and Washington, D.C., may acquire Alabama banks on a reciprocal basis.
The institution being acquired must have been in existence for at least five
years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, Alaska legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire in-state banks.

ARIZONA: Effective on Oct. 1, 1986, out-of-state banks may acquire in-state
financial institutions. The legislation will allow out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992.  Arizona financial
institutions formed after May 31, 1984, have protection from hostile
out-of-state bidders until they are five years old.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut
only if those states have reciprocal legislation.

DELAWARE: Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies
to establish limited-purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks. The laws
restrict the operations to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Banking companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the District of Columbia on a
reciprocal basis, under a law passed in November 1985. Banks outside of the
reciprocal region also are permitted to acquire D.C. banks as long as the
out-of-state institution makes certain investments in the District, according to
a law passed in April 1986.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact. They are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and Washington, D.C. The law, passed in
1984, stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least
two years old. Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank
holding companies (NCNB of North Carolina and the Northern Trust Co., Chicago)
that already have grand fathered operations in the state to make further
in-state acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia
may acquire Georgia banks under the state's 1984 law. The state of the acquiring
bank must have reciprocal legislation. The law also states that the in-state
bank being acquired must be at least five years old.

IDAHO: Financial institutions from six contiguous states (Montana, Nevada,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming) may acquire Idaho institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The 1985 law also stipulates that the in-state institution
must be at least four years old.

ILLINOIS: Effective on July 1, 1986, bank holding companies in the six
contiguous states of Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin
may acquire Illinois banks and bank holding companies. A 1984 law states that
out-of-state banking organizations may acquire an in-state bank with liquidity
problems. The in-state institution also must have more than $1 billion in
assets. In 1981, Illinois also passed a law that permits the General Bancshares
Corp., St. Louis, a bank with grandfathered holdings in Illinois under the
authority of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, to acquire additional
in-state institutions.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions on a reciprocal
basis. The law, passed in 1985, became effective in January.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota-based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire Iowa banks. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: Bank holding companies from contiguous states may enter Kentucky on a
reciprocal basis. According to the 1984 legislation, the in-state bank must be
at least five years old at the time of acquisition. The state has set a
nationwide interstate banking trigger date: July 15, 1986.

MAINE: Bank holding companies from around the nation may acquire in-state banks
under legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
single-office banks in Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. Under
emergency legislation set to expire June 1, out-of-state bank holding companies
also may acquire troubled thrifts, under certain conditions. Maryland's
interstate banking laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Delaware, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. As of July 1987, bank holding
companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee will be
permitted to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state permits bank branching and bank holding company
acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states. The
Massachusetts law was passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Bank holding companies in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, and
Indiana may enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under the authority of a law
that took effect in January. A nationwide trigger date goes into effect on Oct.
10, 1988.

MINNESOTA: Effective July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota,
South Dakota, and Wisconsin may acquire Minnesota banks on a reciprocal basis.
The law, passed on March 19, also allows savings and loans in the region to
acquire Minnesota S&Ls and set up branches in the state, but only on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas may acquire
Mississippi banks on a reciprocal basis after July 1, 1988, under a law passed
on April 14. On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia will also be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Under legislation that passed on April 30 and takes effect on Aug. 13,
bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky,
Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri banks, but only on a
reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Under the 1983 state law, out-of-state bank holding companies located
anywhere in the United States may enter Nebraska only if they limit their
activities to the credit card business in single-office banks. The
Minnesota-based Norwest Corp., a multibank holding company that has grand
fathered operations in Nebraska, is permitted to make additional in-state
acquisitions.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
After July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a
de novo office. On Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal limitations will be dropped.

NEW JERSEY: On March 28, the state enacted a law giving banks in New Jersey
reciprocity with banks in Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia. Under the law, however, at least three
of the states in the central-Atlantic region covered by the law must have
reciprocal legislation before a compact takes effect.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 21, the state passed a law allowing out-of-state
organizations to buy failed New Mexico financial institutions. It stipulates
that out-of-state bidders may be solicited only if state and federal regulators
are unable to find qualified in-state buyers for a failed institution. The law
carried an emergency clause that made it effective immediately.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere
in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and Washington, D.C., may enter this state, but only on a
reciprocal basis. The North Carolina law was enacted in 1984.

OHIO: In 1985, this state passed a law authorizing the state superintendent of
banks to approve applications by out-of-state bank holding companies to acquire
thrifts that have been placed under state receivership.  In addition, only
banking companies from Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Illinois, Maryland, Missouri, New Jersey, Tennessee, Vir ginia, Wisconsin, West
Virginia, and Washington, D.C., may enter Ohio, and only on a reciprocal basis.
They also are limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank and
thrift deposits. On Oct. 16, 1988, a nationwide interstate banking clause is
scheduled to go into effect.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limit attached to Oklahoma's law.  However, in order to
expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: On July 1, 1986, banking companies in Washington, Oregon, Idaho,
California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, and Alaska will be allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Under a law already
effective, banking companies in those eight states may acquire failing in-state
institutions.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state. A nationwide trigger date is set for July 1, 1987.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and Washington, D.C., may acquire Oregon banks on a reciprocal
basis. The law also states that the bank being acquired must have existed for
five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States may
acquire and charter a new single-office bank. However, they must be limited to
insurance operations. They also are permitted to acquire an existing
state-chartered, single-office bank, but they may not maintain other offices.

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state, but only
on a reciprocal basis. No banking company may acquire a bank that has been
operating for less than five years.

UTAH: Out-of-state bank holding companies from an 11-state region may acquire
Utah banks on a reciprocal basis. The states are Idaho, Montana, Alaska,
Wyoming, Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii.
Reciprocity is not required if out-of-state banking companies wish to acquire
failing institutions. A nationwide trigger date of Dec. 31, 1987, will permit
the acquisition of healthy banks and thrifts by banking companies from anywhere
in the nation.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations
however, must be restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding
companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia,
and Washington, D.C., may acquire banks in Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
in-state institution must be at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: A May 1985 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from any
state to acquire a failing Washington institution if the state banking
superintendent gives final approval. On July 1, 1987, banking companies will be
permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three years old, but
only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, according to a law passed on March 17,
banks and savings and loans from any state in the nation may acquire,
respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but only on a
reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years old.

WISCONSIN: Effective Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and
credit unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio,
and Kentucky may acquire, respectively, Wisconsin banks, savings and loans, and
credit unions. The legislation, passed in April, hinges on reciprocity.

SECTION: AN AMERICAN BANKER MONTHLY REPORT; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 2239 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, Principal Interstate Banding Regions Being Considered by the
states

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              90 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday

BIG DEALS / CANUCKS MAKE THE BIG PLAY

SECTION: SPORTS; NHL TRADE DEADLINE DAY; Pg. S1

LENGTH: 304 words


WHAT THEY GOT

Zack Kassian 27 games, 3 goals, 4 assists

Marc-André Gragnani 44 games, 1 goal, 11 assists

Sami Pahlsson 61 games, 2 goals, 9 assists

Andrew Gordon 37 games, 2 goals, 3 assists

WHAT THEY GAVE UP

Cody Hodgson 63 games, 16 goals, 17 assists

Alex Sulzer 12 games, 1 assist

Two fourth-round draft picks in 2012

Sebastian Erixon 30 games (AHL), 1 goal, 7 assists

AND LITTLE DEALS

Toronto Maple Leafs acquire defenceman Mark Fraser from Anaheim Ducks for
forward Dale Mitchell

New York Rangers acquire defenceman John Scott from Chicago Blackhawks for a
fifth-round draft pick in 2012

Boston Bruins acquire defenceman Greg Zanon from Minnesota Wild for defenceman
Steve Kampfer

Nashville Predators acquire forward Paul Gaustad and a fourth-round draft pick
in 2013 from Buffalo Sabres for a first-round draft pick in 2012

Boston Bruins acquire forward Brian Rolston and defenceman Mike Mottau from New
York Islanders for forward Yannick Riendeau and defenceman Marc Cantin

Chicago Blackhawks acquire defenceman Johnny Oduya from Winnipeg Jets for
second- and third-round draft picks in 2013

Tampa Bay Lightning acquire defenceman Brian Lee from Ottawa Senators for
defenceman Matt Gilroy

San Jose Sharks acquire forwards Daniel Winnik, T.J. Galiardi and seventh-round
pick in 2013 from Colorado Avalanche for forwards Jamie McGinn, Mike Connolly
and Michael Sgarbossa

Tampa Bay Lightning acquire defenceman Keith Aulie from Toronto Maple Leafs for
forward Carter Ashton

Edmonton Oilers acquire defenceman Nick Schultz from Minnesota Wild for
defenceman Tom Gilbert

Tampa Bay Lightning acquire defenceman Mike Commodore from Detroit Red Wings for
a seventh-round pick in 2013

Nashville Predators acquire Andrei Kostitsyn from Montreal Canadiens for a 2013
second-round pick and conditional fifth-round pick

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Rundown of State Laws Granting Thrifts Interstate Powers

                           January 6, 1988, Wednesday


This state-by-state list of thrift interstate laws covers some that have yet to
be signed by state governors. The feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay. If
there is information you would like to see included in future listings, please
contact Mr. Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALASKA: In 1982, this state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts
along with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks.
Reciprocity is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington may buy California thrifts on
a reciprocal basis. Under the 1986 law, full nationwide banking - also on a
reciprocal basis - is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey,
Ohio, and Pennsylvania may acquire Delaware thrifts, but only on a reciprocal
basis. Thrifts from the District of Columbia and Virginia may enter the state
when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition prior to or following the effective date of the legislation.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: This state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts early in 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama, the
District of Columbia, Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Georgia thrift
holding companies. The legislation is reciprocal.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union will be permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts after Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987, permits savings and loans in Michigan,
Ohio, Kentucky, and Illinois to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: The Iowa League of Savings Institutions Inc. interprets a 1907 law as
granting nationwide interstate powers to thrifts.  The law states that any
association can merge or acquire any other association in another state, as long
as that state has reciprocal legislation on its books. However, a bill that the
association says it is proposing sometime this year would clarify that both
federally chartered savings and loans and state-chartered savings and loans have
the power to acquire out-of-state savings associations from any state in the
union. Reciprocity will be required.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association having a home office in Kansas to establish and operate branch
offices in any other state where such Kansas-based branches are legally
permitted. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for a state-chartered
savings and loan with a home office in another state to establish branches in
Kansas, if such branches are permitted by the laws of the home state.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, savings and loans from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, North
Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West
Virginia may acquire Louisiana savings and loans, but only on a reciprocal
basis. The legislation took effect July 1, 1987. Full interstate powers for
thrifts, on a reciprocal basis, are set to become effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide, reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in the state of Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the
reciprocity requirement.

MARYLAND: This state passed an interstate law that would allow savings and loans
from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis. It became effective July 1, 1987.

MASSACHUSETTS: Thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont, and New
Hampshire may acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a reciprocal basis, according to
a law passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state in the nation may acquire or merge with
Michigan savings and loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect
on July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation.

MISSISSIPPI: According to a 1982 law, thrifts from any other state may acquire
Mississippi savings and loans, but only on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, and
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans on a reciprocal basis. The legislation, passed in
May 1987, also has a provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid
an out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law every two
years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a regional interstate compact for
New Jersey thrifts. Under the law, thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire New Jersey thrifts on a
reciprocal basis. However, the banking commissioner must first review the
interstate law from the home state of each applicant to determine whether it
meets New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity. New Jersey has not yet approved
a compact with any state, therefore the law is not operative at this time.
Nationwide thrift banking will take effect in New Jersey when "13 of the 50
states" have such a law on their books and "four of the 13 are among the 10
largest thrift deposit states," a spokeswoman from New Jersey's Department of
Banking said.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. After Jan. 1, 1989,
nonreciprocal, nationwide powers for thrifts go into effect. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state thrifts are permitted to set up de novo operations in the state.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: An October 1985 law allows thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia to acquire Ohio
thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nationwide, reciprocal thrift powers go into
effect in November 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire control of and operate as a savings institution an unlimited number of
Oklahoma savings institutions. The in-state thrifts, however, must be at least
five years old before they can be acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state in the nation
to acquire Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However,
federally chartered institutions wishing to set up de novo branching in Oregon
must have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, the District of
Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, and West Virginia have
been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under a 1983 law, savings and loans from any New England state may
acquire Rhode Island thrifts on a reciprocal basis. In 1985, the law was amended
to allow nationwide, reciprocal powers, which take effect July 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: According to a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and
operate branches in any state which includes Texas in its regional or national
banking compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and
Loan League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas
thrift.

UTAH: Out-of-state thrifts from 11 states may acquire Utah savings and loans on
a reciprocal basis. The states are Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho,
Montana, New Mexico, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming. After Dec. 31,
1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah savings and loans on
a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within the New England
region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a reciprocal
basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for nationwide,
reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations whose home
states include Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in-state savings and
loan being bought must be at least two years old. The law also states that at
least 80% of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region
defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 says that state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state can merge or acquire
Washington savings and loans with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinged on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 2200 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              92 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 6, 1986 Tuesday

Investment Canada approves 5 proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 1252 words


Five foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Carrier Canada Ltd. of Brampton, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Carrier Corp. of Syracuse, N.Y., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Werner's Refrigeration Co. Ltd. of Edmonton, which
 distributes air-conditioning and refrigeration parts and equipment.

Emco Ltd. of London, Ont., controlled by Masco Corp. of Taylor, Mich.,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Western Supplies Ltd. of
 Edmonton, which is a wholesale distributor of residential, commercial and
 industrial plumbing and piping products, and Westlund Industrial Supply
 Ltd. of Edmonton, which wholesales piping products to industrial
 customers.

James River International Holdings Ltd. of Norwalk, Conn., to acquire
 control of the businesses carried on by Canada Cup Inc. of Toronto, which
 manufactures and distributes paper disposable cups and containers, and
 Gotech Inc. of Toronto, which engineers and manufactures production
 machinery and equipment for plastic disposable food service ware.

328037 Alberta Ltd. of Calgary, controlled by Gary Adams of Tulsa,
 Okla., R. S. Boswell of Tulsa, Okla., and Nasie Schnell of Calgary, to
 acquire control of Franklin Supply Co. Ltd. of Calgary, an oil field
 supply company.

Utah Mines Ltd. of Wichita, Kan., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Monsanto Oils Ltd. and Monsanto Syndicate No. 1 of Calgary,
 which explores for and produces oil and gas in Western Canada.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Alistair Millar Design Engineering Ltd. of Britain to establish a
 business at Windsor to provide design services to the automotive and
 similar industries.

Bahlsen International Holding AG of Switzerland to establish a business
 at Montreal to import and distribute baked goods.

Carousel Industries Inc. of Morton Grove, Ill., to establish a business
 in Toronto to distribute gumball machines.

Gechem SA of Belgium to establish a business at Montreal to be engaged
 in research, development, testing, evaluation and marketing of defence
 products and ballistics.

Hanley Advertising Co. of the United States to establish a business at
 Scarborough, Ont., to develop newspaper, magazine, radio, television and
 circular advertising for Handleman Co. of Canada Ltd.

IMRS Inc. of Stamford, Conn., to establish a business at Toronto to
 retail computer software.

Insituform Group Ltd. of Guernsey, Channel Islands, to establish a
 business at Collingwood, Ont., to be engaged in pipeline rehabilitation
 through the use of Insituform patents.

Klebstoffwerke Collodin Dr. Schultz & Nauth GmbH of West Germany to
 establish a business at Windsor to be engaged in the manufacture and trade
 of chemicals, particularly for adhesives and paper.

Mega International Inc. of Elk Grove Village, Ill., to establish a
 business at Toronto to assemble and distribute auto parts.

NESLAB Instruments Inc. of Portsmouth, N.H., to establish a business at
 Toronto to manufacture and distribute laboratory instruments.

Pertron Controls Corp. of Chatsworth, Calif., to establish a business
 at Kitchener, Ont., to sell and service programmable controllers used to
 control various basic functions of manufacturing and processing machinery.

Reimelt (Canada) Ltd. of the United States and West Germany to
 establish a business at Richmond Hill, Ont., to sell, install and service
 material-handling systems for the food industry.

Valley Systems Inc. of Canal Fulton, Ohio, to establish a business at
 Kingston, Ont., to provide cleaning services, including sewer cleaning,
 asbestos removal and ultra high pressure cleaning, cutting and drilling.

Notice of acquisition plans:

Automated Machinery Systems Inc. of Richmond, Va., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by AMF Canada Ltd., consisting of its Union
 Machinery division in Guelph, Ont., which manufactures, distributes and
 sells bakery equipment.

Bell & Howell Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by STC Canada Inc., consisting of its Image Processing
 Systems division of Montreal, which is engaged in research and development
 relating to imaging systems.

Canadian Courier Services Ltd. of Australia to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Les Services de Courrier Imperial Inc. of Montreal,
 which is a messenger service.

Harold Franklin Chorney of Woonsocket, R.I., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Wescap Energy Corp. of Vancouver, which is engaged
 in the exploration for and development of mineral, oil and gas properties.

CTO Industries Inc. of Brooklyn, N.Y., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Boitiers De Montres Prescott Ltee/Prescott Watch
 Case Corp. Ltd. of Montreal, which produces, assembles and sells
 watchcases and bracelet-watchcase combinations.

FGC Holdings Inc. of Leominster, Mass., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Foster Grant Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont.,
 which warehouses, sells and distributes sunglasses, reading glasses and
 accessories.

GEC Canada Ltd. of Mississauga to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Advanced Digital Media Ltd. of Mississauga, which designs,
 manufactures and markets information display systems and message centres.

Grandmet USA Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Quality Care Nursing Services Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., which
 provides home health care services.

Peter Huyser and June Huyser of Anaheim, Calif., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by The Bluenose Lodge Ltd. of Lunenburg, N.S.,
 which operates a lodge and restaurant.

Jana C. Katz of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by 550822 Ontario Ltd. and 565683 Ontario Ltd., known as
 National Video of Niagara Falls, Ont., which operates video rental stores.

Maatschappij voor de ontwikkeling van het OXOprocede SODOXO BV of Enka,
 N.C., to acquire control of the business carried on by Wilson- Fibrefil
 Inc. of Stoney Creek, Ont., which manufactures and sells various resins
 for use in the plastics industry.

Metropolitan Insurance Co. of the United States to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Employers of Wausau Insurance, a mutual company
 of Toronto, which offers property and casualty insurance.

Lukas H. Meuter of the Netherlands Antilles to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Creative Braids Ltd. of Kingston, Ont., which
 manufactures braiding material.

Schindler Elevator Corp. of Pickering, Ont., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Universal Elevator Services of Ottawa Ltd., Ottawa,
 which provides elevator maintenance services.

Quaker Oats Co. of Canada Ltd. of the United States to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Canada Packers Inc., consisting of its Pet
 Food division in Toronto, which manufactures canned and semi-dry pet food.

Underberg (Canada) Inc. of Switzerland to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Hillebrand Estates Winery Ltd. of Niagara-on-the-
 Lake, Ont., which is engaged in the manufacture, production and sale of
 wines.

Westinghouse Canada Inc. of Hamilton to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Scannar Industries Inc., consisting of its sonar product
 line in Cornwall, Ont., which designs, develops and manufactures small
 sonar systems for commercial and military applications.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

DEALMAKERS YEARBOOK

BYLINE: Erikka Askeland

SECTION: BUSINESS; SERVICES; Others; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1806 words


JANUARY

Energy Software Intelligence Analytics (Esia), backed by Norwegian investor
Energy Ventures, acquires research firm Hannon Westwood. ADVISERS: RSM

FEBRUARY

The family behind United Biscuits, the Laings, sell their majority stake in PDG
Helicopters in a £20million management buyout deal led by CEO Jerry Francis and
backed by private equity firm LDC.

Online well data group Rushmore Associates of Aberdeen acquired by
Colorado-based information giant IHS. ADVISERS: Simmons

James Fisher and Sons acquires the National Hyperbaric Centre (NHC) in Aberdeen
from David Smith in a deal worth up to £4.5million.

Fochabers-based Baxters Food Group buys US-based maker of military rations
Wornick Foods.

Aberdeen opticians Duncan & Todd acquires Glasgow and Edinburgh-based 20:20
Opticians chain after £3.5million backing from the Business Growth Fund (BGF).
ADVISERS: CMS

Ness Motors sold by owner Scott Lauder to Glasgow-based car retail giant Arnold
Clark.

Aberdeen-based pipeline firm Online Electronics acquired by Norway's IK Group.
ADVISERS: AAB

MARCH

Houston-based Distribution Now acquires John MacLean & Sons Electrical, an
Aberdeen-based, family-owned marine and industrial electrical products firm.
ADVISERS: Deloitte, EY

Tulloch Homes' management buy out 40% stake owned by US investment giant Goldman
Sachs and private equity firm TPG, backed by a £30million loan from the Bank of
Scotland.

US data group Verisk Analytics agrees to buy Scottish oil and gas research
specialist Wood Mackenzie (WoodMac) for around £1.85billion.

Facilities management firm Richard Irvin sells its marine safety business to
Safety and Survival Systems International (3SI) in a seven-figure deal, backed
by private equity firm August Equity. ADVISERS: AAB

Survitec Group acquired by Toronto-based private equity firm Onex Corporation
for £450million from Warburg Pincus.

Lochaber firm Ferguson Transport and Shipping (FTS) snaps up Hebridean business
Skye Transport (Crossal) from the MacKinnon family.

Moray's AJ Engineering and Construction Services acquires Lochaber firm Northern
Engineering and Welding Co from Ron and Denise MacLennan.

APRIL

Antin Infrastructure Partners takes control of Central Area Transmission System
(Cats) pipeline system on acquiring BP's 36.22% stake in the pipeline for
£324million. ADVISERS: EY

Shell reveals plans for £36billion takeover of rival BG Group to create the
world's second-largest oil company.

London infrastructure investment firm Ancala Partners acquires Green Highland
Renewables (GHR), which has offices in Perth and Dingwall.

Shareholder Craig Fraser leads management buyout of Aberdeen-based Rigquip.
ADVISERS: RSM

Management led by Derek Mackay and John Lawrence buy out joinery firm Deeside
Contracts. ADVISERS: AAB

MAY

Aberdeenshire fire and safety services company Oteac acquires HVAC and
Refrigeration Engineering (HVAC&RA) in a £10.25million deal. ADVISERS: AAB

Assets of X-Subsea UK and subsidiaries sold by administrators to James Fisher
Group in a £14.8million deal. ADVISERS: Maclay Murray Spens

Ferguson Marine Engineering, a subsidiary of private equity investor Clyde
Blowers Capital, buy up assets of Grantown-based MacKellar Sub-Sea and its
related company Tritech Nairn from administrators.

Aberdeen Asset Management announces plans to buy private equity manager Flag
Capital Management with offices in Stamford CT, Boston, MA, and Hong Kong.

Glasgow nightclub tycoon Stefan King's G1 Group buys Espionage nightclub with
outlets in Aberdeen and Edinburgh from administrators.

JUNE

Shell and Exxon sell 50% stake in Sean to North Sea newcomer, Oranje-Nassau
Energie.

MS Industrial Services (MSIS) of Inverurie is acquired by Primary Capital
Partners in a £20million deal from Maven Capital Partners. ADVISERS: Simmons

Offshore power and lifting group ATR buys Safety & Technical Hydraulics (STH),
backed by its owner NBGI Private Equity. ADVISERS: Simmons

Founders Bill Petrie, Neil Hall and Brian Semple sell Wireline Engineering to
Dallas-based Impact Selector International. The deal was backed by US-based
Turnbridge Capital along with Amegy Bank. ADVISERS: Deloitte

Clyde Blowers Capital, through its Houston-based portfolio company Allrig Group,
acquires IRM Services DMCC from Robert McInnes. ADVISERS: EY, Simmons

Global Energy Group acquires Invergordon-based MF Marine Operations through its
Caledonian Towage subsidiary from Colin Watson.

John Menzies acquires Inverness and Paisley-based AJG Parcels from majority
shareholder and managing director Adrian Gray in a £7.5million deal. ADVISERS:
Maclay Murray Spens

Enquest agrees sale of its newly built headquarters, Annan House, to Rockspring
Property Investment Managers in a deal thought to be worth £50million. ADVISERS:
CMS

JULY

SSE spends £565million to acquire 20% stake Laggan-Tormore gas project from
Total. ADVISERS: CMS

Yantai Jereh Oilfield Services Group, a Chinese oil services company listed on
the Shenzhen stock exchange, buys 5% stake in AIM-listed PLexus Holdings.
ADVISERS: CMS

Atlanta-based Recall acquires C21 Data Services from founders Stuart Johnston,
Andrew Morrison and David and Kelly Harkins for £5.2million. ADVISERS: AAB

Wood Group snaps up Calgary-based engineering consultancy Beta Machinery
Analysis in a £9million deal.

Diageo agrees sale of Gleneagles Hotel to 34-year-old Sharan Pasricha, founder
and chief executive of Ennismore.

Shareholders including founders Steve and David Marples sell Aberdeen-based
safety behaviour training specialist Optimus Seventh Generation to German
testing firm Dekra.

AUGUST

North Sea newcomers Hibiscus Petroleum and Ping Petroleum acquire the Anasuria
cluster from Shell and ExxonMobil in a deal worth £67.7million

North Sea Midstream Partners (NSMP), a consortium led by US private equity firm
ArcLight Capital Partners with the Teesside gas plant and former Venture
Production chief executive Mike Wagstaff, acquires Total's interests in the St
Fergus Gas Terminal and associated pipeline systems, Frigg UK and Shetland
Island Regional Gas Export System (Sirge), for £585million. ADVISERS: Deloitte

Houston-based Oceaneering International Services takes minority stake in Viper
Subsea Technology of Aberdeen and Portishead.

Aberdeen Asset Management agrees to buy hedge fund Arden Asset Management with
offices in New York and London.

Aberdeen hotelier Gary Atkinson buys out 66.5% stake in Next Level Group, the
firm behind the Carmelite Hotel, from private investor Andrew Chandler after
securing a £5.8million refinancing package from Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS).

Management buy north-east supply vessel firm Fletcher Shipping out of
administration in a pre-pack deal through a new firm, FS Shipping.

Kingsmill Hotel owners Patio Hotels (UK) and Tony Story raise £11million in a
sale and leaseback deal with an unnamed property buyer.

Aberdeen cleaning firm Contract Solutions Grampian acquires Town and Country
Cleaning Services Montrose from founders looking to retire. ADVISERS: AAB

Aberdeen's Orca Telecom sold to Surrey-based Arrow Business Communications.
ADVISERS: AAB

Management team buys out Aberdeen-based Compass Print. ADVISERS: RSM

SEPTEMBER

Proserv, backed by US private equity firm Riverstone, acquires Aberdeen marine
technology firm Nautronix from SCF Partners. ADVISERS: EY, Simmons

Aberdeen Asset Management announces acquisition of Bristol-based fin tech firm
Parmenion and London-based fund manager Advance Emerging Capital.

Norwegian IT and geoscience group Cegal, backed by private equity firm
Norvester, buys Escape Business Technologies from founders Robin Parkinson and
Mike Bain. ADVISERS: AAB

GA Engineering/Pryme Group, backed by Simmons Private Equity, acquires Tyne and
Wear-based engineering firm MKW Group. ADVISERS: AAB

Houston-based Power Feed-thru (PFT) Systems acquires Flowell Oil Tools in
Turriff from Bill Boyd and Paul Lamont. ADVISERS: Simmons

Wood Group acquires Bedfordshire-based Automated Technology Group (ATG) in a
multimillion-pound deal.

Invergordon firm McDonald Scaffolding (Services) buys Safety, Welding and
Lifting (International) from Dave Stephen, who decided to retire.

Business Growth Fund (BGF) takes a minority stake in New Deer-based Keenan
Recycling for £2.2million to fund expansion. ADVISERS: AAB, RSM

OCTOBER

Ineos acquires UKCS assets from LetterOne, owned by Russian oligarch Mikhail
Fridman, in a deal worth £520million. ADVISERS: EYIneos then acquires a 25%
stake in the Clipper South field from Fairfield Energy. ADVISERS: CMS

Israel's Delek Group becomes the biggest shareholder in Ithaca Energy following
a £43million investment, taking a 19.9% stake. ADVISERS: EY

GE Oil & Gas acquires Norwegian subsea intervention equipment and services firm
Advantec, including offices in Aberdeen. ADVISERS: EY

Nova Scotia-based Clearwater Seafoods acquires Macduff Shellfish from the Beaton
family and private equity firm Change Capital Partners (CCP) for £98.4million.
ADVISERS: AAB, EY

FTSE-100 listed Smiths Group acquires Aberdeen-based XPD8 to become part of its
John Crane operating division.

The deal marks an exit for XPD8's private equity backer Maven Capital Partners
and the firm's founder, Mark Cavanagh.

Survitec Group acquires north-east marine safety specialist Survival Craft
Inspectorate (SCI) backed by private equity firm Onex Corporation.

Doric Pub Company, owner of the Brig o' Dee Bar, acquires Kittybrewster Bar and
Ashgrove Lounge from Andrew and Ann Chapman.

Aberdeen freight-forwarding firm Freight 2 the Point acquires European
Development & Investment co. ADVISERS: AAB

NOVEMBER

US-based Piper Jaffray snaps up investment bank Simmons & Co in a £90million
deal.

Faroe Petroleum acquires North Sea assets from Roc Oil - owned by Chinese
conglomerate Fosun - in a £12million deal. ADVISERS: EY

Husband and wife team Fred and Donna Nicol sell First Hose to GS-Hydro, a
Finland-based firm which is owned by Swedish listed private equity conglomerate
Ratos, in a £6million deal.

Later, director Gary Notman leads management buyout of Pressure Test Solutions
(PTS) from the Nicols.

Contract Solutions Grampian acquires the commercial cleaning division of Bridges
Cleaning & Hygiene in Kirkcaldy, bringing the number people employed by CSG to
421. ADVISERS: AAB

DECEMBER

Dallas-based Fluor Corporation buys up engineering services firm Stork from its
private equity owner Arle Capital in a deal worth £500million.

Wood Group PSN acquires Ohio-based Kelchner, a privately owned construction and
energy field services company. ADVISERS: Deloitte

Independent Oil and Gas (IOG) acquires 50% stake in the North Sea Skipper
discovery from Alpha Petroleum Resources in a £12.15million deal.

Richard Irvin sells its Aberdeen radiator business to G&M Radiator Group,
Glasgow. ADVISERS: AAB

John Menzies acquires Oban Express Parcel Service from owners Lorraine Parrott,
Walker Owens, Louise Somerville and their spouses. ADVISERS: Maclay Murray Spens

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2016 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 19, 1984 Tuesday

Cabinet accepts 26 proposals,   rejects one after FIRA review

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 906 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 26 of 27 foreign
 investment proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review
 Agency.

The proposal rejected was by Intecom Inc. of Allen, Tex., to establish
 a business at Toronto to import and distribute and later to assemble
 telecommunications systems.

The proposals approved were by:
    Agora-Exposition de Commerce International Inc., wholly owned by
 Atlantis Conseils SA of Switzerland, to establish a business at Montreal
 to offer trade promotion services, including a permanent exhibition for
 the display of goods to facilitate trade between Canada and other
 countries.

American Standard Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Trane Co. of Canada Ltd., Toronto.

Appinnine Pty Ltd. of Australia to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Avions Pierre Robin Inc. of Lachute, Que.

Chung Wah Shipbuilding and Engineering Co. Ltd. of Hong Kong and Edward
 Adam Kutryk of Calgary to establish two businesses at Calgary, the first
 to acquire and lease real property and the second to manufacture oil and
 gas drilling rigs and related equipment.

Diamond Shamrock Corp. of Dallas to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Natomas of Canada Ltd., Toronto, and Natomas Exploration of
 Canada Ltd., Calgary.

Dillingham Construction Ltd. of Vancouver, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Dillingham Corp. of Hawaii, and G.A. Read, R.C. Walker, D.
 Scott, W.G. Bergmann,. R.E. Heigold, E.J. Koprek, K.L. McCrae, B.N.
 Deegan, S.G. Froud, W. Schoenfeld, T.B. Sowiak, G.R. Kerik, R.J. Flack,
 K.A. Pritchard, D.R. Watson, P.W. Elder, W.J. Walpot, W.B. Meyer, A.
 Symanczyk, L.R. Moser, I.S. Barnes, H.A. Mueller, H.E.I. Badaway, R.
 Corsar, W.D. McArthur, J.R. Hellman, R. Potts, A.B. Coady and R.E. Holcek,
 all of Calgary, to acquire control of the business carried on by Delta
 Projects Ltd. of Calgary.

Dynamics Corp. of America, Greenwich, Conn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Dale Electronics Ltd. of Toronto.

Filtersoft (1973) Ltd. of Winnipeg, which is a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Sta-Rite Industries Inc. of Milwaukee, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Marley Canadian Inc., consisting of its Swimquip
 division of Brampton, Ont.

Grunts Investments Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at Vancouver
 to operate a pizza restaurant with bar services.

Hillenbrand Industries Inc. of Batesville, Ind., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Medco Security Locks Canada Ltd. of Waterloo,
 Ont.

Hilinex Packaging Inc. of Burnaby, B.C., which is ultimately owned by
 two U.S. citizens, two Australian citizens and one British citizen, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by MacMillan Bloedel Ltd.,
 consisting of its Bag and Specialty division of Burnaby.

Ibico Inc. of Elk Grove, Ill., to establish a business at Toronto to
 manufacture plastic coil bindings used to bind documents and to import and
 distribute related hole-punching and binding machines.

Lawrence Kates of Los Angeles to establish a business at Kelowna, B.C.,
 to design, manufacture and retail contemporary oak furniture.

Maritime Fish Products Inc. of New York to acquire control of the
 business carried on by CSI Fishermen's Co-operative Ltd. of Clarks
 Harbour, N.S.

Materials Engineering Inc. of Houston to establish a business at Sault
 Ste. Marie, Ont., to provide quality assurance and control services for
 buyers of products used mainly in the oil industry.

McGregor Corp. of New York to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Faberge of Canada Ltd., Toronto.

Primac Courier Inc. of New York to establish a business at Montreal to
 provide a courier service of time-sensitive documents and goods between
 Canada and the United States.

Procter and Gamble Inc. of Toronto, which is wholly owned by Procter
 and Gamble Co. of Cincinnati, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Crush Canada Inc. of Toronto.

Proctor-Silex Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is controlled by Proctor-
 Silex Inc. of Prussia, Pa., to acquire control of the business carried on
 by SCM (Canada) Ltd., consisting of its Proctor-Silex division, Toronto.

Gopal Raju of New York and Kirthie Abeyesekera of Toronto to establish
 a business at Toronto to publish a weekly newspaper catering to Canadians
 of South Asian descent.

Regie Nationale des Usines Renault of France, which is owned by the
 Government of France, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 American Motors (Canada) Inc. of Brampton, Ont.

Swedish Match Holding Inc. of Old Greenwich, Conn., which is a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Swedish Match AB of Sweden, to establish a business at
 Montreal to manufacture sodium chlorate.

TMWZ Holdings Ltd. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Universal Furniture Ltd. of the British Virgin Islands, to acquire control
 of the businesses carried on by Universal Furniture Industries Canada Ltd.
 of Burnaby, B.C., and Universal Furniture Industries Ltd., of Mississauga,
 Ont.

Ultramar America Ltd. of Mount Kisco, N.Y., which is wholly owned by
 Ultramar PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Pittston Petroleum Canada Inc. of Montreal.

United Mining Corp. of Virginia City, Nev., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Silver Strike Resources Ltd. of Vancouver.

Wespercom Group Ltd. of Bend, Ore., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Orin Beebe and Trevor Clark, known as Micro Linc, of
 Penticton, B.C.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          December 28, 1983 Wednesday

33 plans are approved   after review by FIRA

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1147 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 33 foreign investment
 proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The proposals were by:
    Addiment Canada Inc. of Edmonton, which is equally owned by a Canadian
 citizen and Heidelberger Zement AG of West Germany, to establish a
 business in Edmonton, with a branch plant in Toronto, to manufacture and
 distribute cement and mortar additives.

Alphatec SARL of France to establish a business in Montreal to
 manufacture adhesive films to protect a variety of metal surfaces.

AS Kongberg Vapenfabrikk of Norway to establish a business in Toronto
 to sell and service instrumentation for vessel positioning and vessel
 traffic management for use by the offshore oil and gas industry and
 automated drafting and mapping systems for general use.

Canada Starch Co. Inc. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of CPC
 International Inc. of Englewood Cliffs, N.J., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Labatt Brewing Ltd., Ault Foods Ltd. and Redpath
 Industries Ltd., known as Zymaize Co. and Zymaize Inc. of London, Ont.

Ce De Candy Co. Ltd. of Toronto, which is wholly owned by Ce De Candy
 Inc. of Union, N.J., to acquire control of the business carried on by The
 Peasant's Larder Food Corp. of Toronto.

Cheong Lung Dry Goods and Groceries Inc. of Calgary, which is owned 75
 per cent by four residents of Hong Kong and 25 per cent by a Canadian
 citizen, to establish a business in Calgary to sell Chinese foods.

Compucorp of Santa Monica, Calif., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Litton Business Equipment Ltd., consisting of its Monroe
 Systems for Business division of Toronto.

Conagra Inc. of Omaha to acquire control of the businesses carried on
 by Petrosul International Ltd. of West Vancouver and Woodward and
 Dickerson (Canada) Ltd., also of West Vancouver.

Dibrell Brothers Inc. of Danville, Va., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Benson and Hedges (Canada) Inc., consisting of its
 Delhi stemmery plant at Delhi, Ont.

Emco Ltd. of London, Ont., which is controlled by Masco Corp. of
 Taylor, Mich., to acquire control of the business carried on by Alberta
 Walker Wellheads Ltd. of Calgary.
    569806 Ontario Inc. of St. Laurent, Que., a wholly owned subsidiary of
 ASEA Inc. of St. Laurent, which is, in turn, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 ASEA AB of Sweden, to acquire control of the business carried on by Cor-
 Magnetics Inc. of Burlington, Ont.

GUS Canada Inc. of Montreal, wholly owned by Great Universal Stores PLC
 of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Cherney Bros.
 Ltd. of Peterborough, Ont.

Harco Corp. of Medina, Ohio, to establish a business in Toronto to
 design cathodic protection systems for pipelines and manufacture related
 equipment and hardware.

H. J. Heinz Co. of Canada Ltd., Toronto, which is ultimately controlled
 by the board of directors of H. J. Heinz Co. of Pittsburgh, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Hotline Services Inc. of Toronto.

IMS-Adverse Inc. of New York, which is equally owned by Interactive
 Market Systems Inc. and C.A. Systems Inc., also of New York, to establish
 a business in Toronto to provide computer services to Canadian advertising
 agencies.

John B. Stetson Co. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Biltmore-Stetson (Canada) Inc. of Guelph, Ont.

James Paul Keeter of Atlanta to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Husky Carbons (Canada) Inc. of Huntsville, Ont.

H. R. Klahr and Regina Klahr of West Germany to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Elke Ganguli, known as The Pines Drive-In
 Restaurant in Kakabeka Falls, Ont.

Lenlyn Ltd. of Britain to establish a business in Vancouver, Toronto
 and Montreal to provide foreign currency exchange services to travellers.

McDonnell Douglas Corp. of St. Louis to establish a business in Toronto
 to provide data processing services and to supply turnkey computer
 hardware-software systems to the health-care industry.

Mors SA of France to establish a business in Montreal to manufacture
 and distribute remote switching systems for electrical energy distribution
 networks and residential monitoring systems to monitor and switch
 alternative heating energy sources.

Northwest Freeholds Ltd. and Birsco Investment Ltd., both of Vancouver,
 which are both controlled by British pension funds, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Vancouver Centre Development Ltd.

NV Philips of the Netherlands and Warner Communications Inc. of New
 York to acquire control of the businesses carried on by WEA Music of
 Canada Ltd. of Toronto and Polygram Inc. of Montreal.

Preformed Line Products Co. of Mayfield Village, Ohio, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Slater Steel Industries Ltd.,
 consisting of its Slacan division in Hamilton.

Ramset Fasteners (Australia) Pty of Australia, which is controlled by
 Siddon Industries Ltd. of Australia, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Ramset Ltd. of Toronto.

Rohde and Schwarz GmbH of West Germany to establish a business in
 Nepean, Ont., to develop, produce, sell and service radio-monitoring
 equipment.

Rowan Cos. Inc. of Houston to establish a business in Dartmouth, N.S.,
 to provide oil and gas well drilling services with the self-elevating
 mobile drilling unit Rowan-Gorilla I off the East Coast of Canada for the
 period of time necessary to fulfil one contract for the Husky-Bow Valley
 East Coast Project or for a period of two years, whichever is longer.

Steelcase Canada Ltd. of Markham, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Steelcase Inc. of Grand Rapids, Mich., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Proform Furniture Industries Ltd. of Mississauga.

Sailesh Thaker of Montreal, Narendra Thaker, Jasvantrai Botavia and
 Nayan Thaker of Kenya to establish a business in Montreal to export and
 import a variety of products and to operate a travel tour business.

Hammerson Property Investment and Development Corp. PLC of Britain to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Mascan Corp. of Mississauga.

Thomas H. Lee Co. of Boston and Gerald Ajemian of Dover, Mass., to
 acquire control of the businesses carried on by Richmond Trawlers Ltd. of
 Petit-de-Grat, N.S., Richmond Fisheries Inc., also of Petit-de-Grat, and
 Usen Fisheries Ltd. of Souris, P.E.I.

Transport Canadian Freightways (Quebec) Inc. of Montreal, wholly owned
 by Consolidated Freightways Inc. of Palo Alto, Calif., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Maislin Transport Ltd. of LaSalle, Que.

Tricil Ltd. of Mississauga, which is equally owned by Trimac Ltd. of
 Calgary and CIL Inc. of Toronto, which is, in turn, controlled by Imperial
 Chemical Industries PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Random Investments Ltd., Versatile Waste Management Inc. and
 Better Waste Management Inc., consisting of their solid waste disposal
 business at Delta, B.C.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 3, 1982 Wednesday

Four foreign plans disallowed,   55 are approved under FIRA

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1738 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has disallowed four and approved 55
 investment proposals after review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

Those disallowed for not being of significant benefit to Canada were
 by:
    Conservation Update Publication Inc. of Green Bay, Wis., to establish a
 business in Regina to distribute its magazine Conservation Update.

Jiro Yamamoto and Richard Prendergast, both of Torrance, Calif., and
 Charles Prosser of Waterloo, Ont., to establish a business in Mississauga,
 Ont., to import and distribute clothing and sporting goods.

Paul Schear and Associates Inc. of Miami to establish a business in
 Toronto to distribute bargain books to retail stores on a consignment
 basis.

Wanakah Leasing Inc. of Niagara Falls, Ont., wholly owned by a citizen
 of the United States, to establish a business in Niagara Falls to purchase
 Toyota motor cars from Toyota dealer outlets in Ontario and export them to
 the United States.

Those approved were by:
    ABD Holdings Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of Scriptomatic Canada
 Ltd. of Mississauga.

Baker International Corp. of Orange, Calif., to acquire control of
 Envirotech Canada Ltd. of Mississauga.

Borg-Warner Corp. of Chicago to acquire control of Burns International
 Security Services Ltd. and Industrial and Domestic Protection Co. Ltd.,
 both of Toronto.

Browning-Ferris Industries Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Browning-Ferris Industries Inc. of Houston, to acquire control of the
 commercial and industrial segments of Allied Disposal Ltd. of Huntingdon,
 B.C.

Canadian Fish Exporters Inc. of Watertown, Mass., to acquire Sherry
 Dawn Fisheries Ltd. of Blandford, N.S.

Christian Rovsing Systems Canada Inc. of Montreal, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Christian Rovsing AS of Denmark, to establish a business in
 Montreal to produce computer software and hardware for data communications
 networks.

La Corporation Work Wear du Quebec of Montreal, wholly owned by Work
 Wear Corp. of Canada, Toronto, which is wholly owned by Work Wear Corp.
 Inc. of Cleveland, to acquire control of Les Entreprises McEwen Brouillet
 Ltee of Montreal.

Country Fresh Products Inc. of Custer, Wash., to establish a business
 in Vancouver, Winnipeg and Toronto, to manufacture and distribute whey-b
 ased products.

Charles Creighton and Charles Teschemacher of Alden, N.Y., to acquire
 control of Alden Optical Laboratories of Fort Erie, Ont.

Michael Cross, a U.S. citizen, and Anna Maria Sylge of Guelph, Ont., to
 acquire control of Professional Studios, School of Self-Improvement and
 Professional Studios, Modelling Agency, both of Waterloo, Ont.

Cyborg Systems of Canada Inc., Cornwall, Ont., a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Cyborg Systems Inc. of Chicago, to establish a business in
 Cornwall to sell and service the payroll and personnel programs developed
 by Cyborg Systems Inc.

Chester Weaver Dennis and Reid Weaver Dennis, both of Cloverdale,
 Calif., to acquire control of Nu-Forest Products (Canada) Inc. of
 Beamsville, Ont.

Dimetrics Inc. of Diamond Springs, Calif., to establish a business in
 Calgary to provide pipe-welding services and to distribute welding
 equipment.

Roger De Clerck of Belgium to establish a business in Stratford, Ont.,
 to manufacture woven imitation Oriental rugs.

Evans Transportation Co. of Rolling Meadows, Ill., to establish a
 business in Montreal to lease and sell rail cars.

Falk Canada Inc. of Rexdale, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary of Falk
 Corp. of Milwaukee, Wis., to establish two businesses in Rexdale to
 distribute fuel oil pumps and to distribute heat transfer oils.

Fashion Two Twenty Inc. of Aurora, Ohio, to acquire control of Fashion
 Two Twenty of Canada Ltd. of Rexdale.

Faxon Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, a wholly owned subsidiary of F. W.
 Faxon Co. Inc. of Westwood, Mass., to establish a business in Mississauga
 to provide subscription management services to libraries.

The Federal Business Development Bank of Montreal, TCF Acquisition Inc.
 of Denver, Col., and Urban Diversified Properties Inc. of Hartford, Conn.,
 to acquire control of Fortress Mountain Resorts Ltd. of Calgary.

Garlock of Canada Ltd., Toronto, which is ultimately owned by Colt
 Industries Inc. of New York, to establish a business in Toronto to
 distribute rebuilt automotive carburetors and electrical components and to
 distribute and install liquid petroleum gas fuel systems.

Guhring Corp. of Kitchener, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary of Gottlieb
 Guhring AG of West Germany, to establish a business in Kitchener to
 manufacture drill bits for the metal working industry.

H. Kampmann GmbH of West Germany to establish a business in Markham,
 Ont., initially to assemble and later to manufacture and distribute a full
 range of heat-exchanger and related heating equipment.

Internationaler Energie Fonds GmbH of West Germany to establish a
 business in Calgary to engage in oil and gas exploration, development and
 production.

Interpace Corp. of Parsippany, N.J., to acquire control of Oshawa Valve
 and Fittings Ltd. of Whitby, Ont.

Jet Services JST Inc. of Montreal, owned 50 per cent by Toptours Ltee
 of Montreal, 40 per cent by Jet Services France, and 10 per cent by two
 citizens of France, to establish a business in Montreal to carry light
 parcels by overseas air cargo.

John Flynn and Sons Inc. of Salem, Mass., to acquire control of Robson-
 Lang Leathers Ltd. of Oshawa, Ont.

Johnson and Johnson Inc. of Montreal, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Johnson and Johnson of New Brunswick, N.J., to acquire control of Odonto
 Corp. Ltd. of Morrisburg, Ont.

Kaiser Clay and Catalyst Co. of Oakland, Calif., wholly owned by Kaiser
 Aluminum and Chemical Corp. of Oakland, to acquire control of Pembrina
 Mountain Clays Inc. of Winnipeg.

Komori Printing Machinery Co. Ltd. of Japan to establish a business in
 Toronto to import, sell and service offset printing presses which it
 manufactures in Japan.

Jean-Michel Labouygues of France to establish a business in Montreal to
 design and supervise the manufacture of machinery and equipment for the
 treatment of sand and aggregates for use in concrete for dams and other
 large concrete projects.

Myron Landecker of Pequst Lakes, Minn., and Joel Anthony Grieshaber and
 Robert Daniels, both of Brainerd, Minn., to acquire control of Strohm
 Island Resort at Nestor Falls, Ont.

Lane Walker Rudkin Industries Ltd. of New Zealand and Carsilco
 International Ltd. of Montreal to establish a business in Montreal and
 Vancouver to manufacture, import and distribute sportswear.

Mallinckrodt Inc. of St. Louis to acquire control of Mallinckrodt
 Canada Inc. of Pointe Claire, Que., and Fries and Fries Canada Ltd. of
 Mississauga.

Robert Marcus of Trenton, N.J., Natalie Marcus of Princeton, N.J.,
 Roger Marcus of Lawrenceville, N.J., and Richard Marcus and William
 Marcus, both of Cambridge, Mass., to acquire control of American Biltrite
 (Canada) Ltd. of Sherbrooke, Que.

Melco Sales Canada Inc. of Markham, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Mitsubishi Electric Sales America Inc. of Compton, Calif., which is
 ultimately controlled by Mitsubishi Electric Corp. of Japan, to acquire
 control of the consumer products division of Electrohome Ltd. of
 Kitchener, Ont.

Mercantile House Holdings PLC of Britain to acquire control of Charles
 Fulton (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto.

Merrick Scale Mfg. Co. of Canada Ltd., Peterborough, Ont., a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Merrick Scale Mfg. Co. of Roseland, N.J., to establish
 a business in Peterborough to sell and service scales and related
 materials handling equipment.

Minolta Camera Co. Ltd. of Japan to acquire control of Minolta Canada
 Inc. of Mississauga.

A proposal by M. Yamamori Trading, Information and Planning Service
 Ltd. of Willowdale, Ont., and Relief Engineering Co. Ltd. of Japan to
 establish a business in Toronto, initially to import and distribute and
 later to manufacture and distribute chemical products used to prevent
 rusting and corrosion of metal surfaces.

Ossa Footwear Inc. of Toronto, owned by a citizen of Taiwan, to
 establish a business in Toronto to manufacture and distribute non-leather
 athletic and casual footwear.

Pecheries Doris Ltee of Sept-Iles, Que., controlled by Empresa de Pesca
 de Viana of Portugal, to establish a business in Sept-Iles to process and
 export fish.

Theodore Salveta of Detroit to establish a business in Windsor, Ont.,
 to manufacture displays for business promotions.

Scitex America Corp. of Bedford, Mass., wholly owned by Scitex Corp.
 Ltd. of Israel, to establish a business in Toronto, initially to provide
 technical service for its computer-aided design equipment used for
 graphics and image reproduction, and later to sell such systems in Canada.

Sealy Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sealy Inc.
 of Chicago, to acquire control of Sealy (Western) Ltd. of Edmonton.

Ski Keep Inc. of Wemme, Ore., to establish a business in Whistler
 Village, B.C., to provide security services for ski equipment.

Societe de Financement Industriel et Agricole of France to acquire
 control of Perco Ltee of St. Laurent, Que.

Sokkisha Canada Inc. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sokkisha
 Co. Ltd. of Japan, to establish a business in Toronto to import,
 distribute and service surveying instruments and related products.

State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. of Bloomington, Ill., to
 acquire control of Carolin Mines Ltd. of Vancouver.

Sybron Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sybron
 Corp. of Rochester, N.Y., to acquire control of Beavers Dental Products
 Ltd. of Morrisburg, Ont.

System Industries Inc. of Milpitas, Calif., to establish a business in
 Calgary to sell and service disc and tape memory subsystems for large
 minicomputers.

Maarten Taal of Mississauga and Joseph Mogar of Bellmaur, N.J., to
 establish a business in Mississauga to manufacture and distribute
 electrostatic air purification systems.

Tel-Ad Advisors Ltd. of Vancouver, owned 50 per cent by two U.S.
 citizens and 50 per cent by a Canadian citizen, to establish a business in
 Vancouver to market consulting services on specialized forms of
 advertising.

Thor Industries Inc. of New York to acquire control of the General
 Coach division of General Home Systems Ltd. of Hensall, Ont.

Wheelabrator-Frye Inc. of Hampton, N.H., to acquire control of Pullman
 Power Products of Canada Ltd., Saint John.

William E. Coutts Co. Ltd. of Willowdale, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Hallmark Cards Inc. of Kansas City, Mo., to acquire control of Happy Hour
 Card'n Party Shops Ltd. of Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                              June 8, 2004 Tuesday

Online seller leaping ahead

BYLINE: By PETER GRIFFIN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Technology; Information

LENGTH: 486 words


Online computer reseller Acquire.co.nz is fast approaching the $1
million-a-month revenue mark with plans for the Australian market likely to
further stimulate growth.

The tiny e-commerce operator weathered the dotcom bust and PC industry slump by
keeping its garage start-up cost structure in place and is now becoming a
sizeable partner for the likes of Hewlett-Packard and Tech Pacific.

Growth in the last few months had been particularly good, said Acquire's
director and co-owner, Simon Scott. Revenue was $585,000 in March but by last
month had jumped to $770,000. In April Acquire sold $200,000 worth of computer
equipment and software in one record day.

"A lot of people are finding us on Google at the moment and we're getting lots
of referrals from other customers."

Servers, software licences, laptops and desktop PCs make up the bulk of
Acquire's sales.

"There are other online operations which are good at selling graphics cards and
motherboards, but we try to stay away from that," said Scott.

About 60 per cent of sales came from businesses placing orders, the rest from
the public ordering through the website. Scott said the company now had 14,000
registered users. Around 20 per cent of purchases were paid for by credit card,
but the bulk of customers had monthly corporate accounts with Acquire and were
on a 30-day billing cycle.

Acer's business development manager, Thomas Smith, had joined Acquire to run its
Wellington operation and would focus on winning customers in the Government.

Acquire made similar margins on its hardware and software sales as the other
3000 computer resellers in the market - between 9 and 12 per cent.

"That's okay when you've got a small infrastructure like ours," he said. Acquire
had just five full-time staff. It did not have a warehouse and shipped goods
directly from the distributor to the customer.

"The company's still making double-figure profit each month. But it goes into
financing sales for the following month. We still drive $5000 cars," added
Scott.

At its current growth rate, Acquire's turnover would exceed $1 million a month
by the end of the year. Total turnover for the year is expected to be in the
region of $7 million.

"The initial goal was to own 1 per cent of the New Zealand market, now we're
seeing beyond that," said Scott.

Acquire wants to become a supplier of choice to companies with branches in
Australia. It's next step is to put support people on the ground in Australia.

Auckland's Hilton Hotel was a customer, and Acquire was now supplying equipment
to Hilton hotels across the Tasman.

Scott believed Acquire was attracting growing interest from suppliers because of
its high growth rate and successful e-commerce model.

"We have a quarterly target with HP and we've already achieved 90 per cent of
that target for the current quarter."

http://www.acquire.co.nz Acquire

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2004 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              98 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 2, 1985 Tuesday

FIRA allows 26 plans

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 773 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - The federal Cabinet has approved 26 foreign investment
 proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The proposals were by:
    BR Centre Ltd. of Vancouver, which is equally owned by the Terry Fox
 Medical Research Foundation of Vancouver and Wellcome Foundation Ltd. of
 Britain, to establish a business in Vancouver to carry out medical
 research in the field of biotechnology.

Duty Free Shoppers of North America Inc., San Francisco, to establish a
 business in Vancouver to retail duty-free liquor, cigarets, perfume,
 jewelry, gifts and Canadian native crafts.

Hans Hoeppner Fine Arts of West Germany to establish a business in
 Toronto to operate an art gallery.

C. M. Kapoor and S. Nayyar of India to establish a business in Toronto
 to import and distribute consumer and home entertainment products and
 accessories, machine and hand tools, door hardware, gourmet food products
 and other related items.

Richardson International Inc. of River Grove, Ill., to establish a
 business in Toronto to import and distribute electron tubes and power
 semiconductors.

SITA Equipment Inc. of Montreal, which is ultimately controlled by
 Societe Lyonnaise des Eaux of France, to establish a business in
 Victoriaville, Que., to manufacture, assemble, service by subcontract and
 sell industrial vehicles, including garbage trucks.

Tarleton Plant Ltd. of Britain to establish a business in Toronto to
 import and distribute construction equipment.

Roadster Factory Ltd. of Niagara Falls, Ont., which is controlled by a
 U.S. citizen, to establish a business in Niagara Falls to distribute
 replacement automotive parts for British sports cars.

VIANA S.r.1. of Italy to establish a business in Toronto to import and
 distribute handknitting wool and synthetic yarns.

Younglove Construction Co. of Sioux City, Iowa, to establish a business
 in Winnipeg to provide engineering and construction services for grain
 handling, feed manufacturing and grain processing installations.

Brentwood Acquisition Corp. of Los Angeles to acquire control of the
 business carried on by M. Grumbacher (Canada) Inc. of Toronto.

Browning-Ferris Industries Ltd. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Browning-Ferris Industries Inc. of Houston, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Usine de Triage Lachenaie Inc. of
 Riviere des Prairies, Que.

CIL Inc. of Toronto, which is controlled by Imperial Chemical
 Industries PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by PPG Canada Inc., consisting of the chemical distribution business of
 its Toronto- based Stanchem division.

Del Monte Corp. of San Francisco to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Canada Dry Ltd. of Toronto.

F.W. Woolworth Co. Ltd. of Toronto, which is ultimately wholly owned by
 F.W. Woolworth Co. of New York, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Robinson Little and Co. Ltd. of Winnipeg, consisting of 73 of its
 department stores.

Imperial Oil Ltd. of Toronto, which is controlled by Exxon Corp. of New
 York, to acquire control of the business carried on by Superparket Ltd. of
 Toronto.

Interco Inc. of St. Louis to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Berkline Inc. of Ville d'Anjou, Que.

IPS Industrial Promotion Services Ltd. of Toronto, which is wholly
 owned by a Swiss citizen, to acquire control of the businesses carried on
 by Minto Industries Ltd. of Vancouver, a holding company, and Intercity
 Packers Ltd. of Vancouver.

Jaguar PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Jaguar Canada Inc. of Bramalea, Ont.

Lowrey Industries Inc. of Deerfield, Ill., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Norlin Industries Ltd., consisting of its Lowrey
 division of Markham, Ont.

Nestle Holdings Inc. of Wilmington, Del., to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Carnation Inc. and Carnation Foods Co. Ltd., both
 of Toronto.

New Chem Inc. of Harrison, N.J., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Tri-Chem of Canada Inc., Toronto.

Petrorep (Canada) Ltd. of Calgary, which is controlled by Petrofrance
 SA of France, to acquire control of the businesses carried on by Coral
 Petroleum- Canada Inc. and Coral Petroleum Developments Ltd., both of
 Calgary.

Reckitt and Colman PLC of Britain to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Airwick of Canada Ltd., Mississauga, Ont., and Metal Textile
 of Canada Inc., Hamilton.

Sunrise Medical Inc. of Torrance, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by W.R. Breen (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto.

Fluorocarbon Co. of Laguna Niguel, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Universal Seal Co. Ltd. of Bancroft, Ont.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                               February 10, 2008
                             Business Times Edition

BREWING GLOBAL DOMINANCE

BYLINE: Marcia Klein

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 400  words


BREWING GLOBAL DOMINANCE

1895

SAB founded and Castle Lager launched.

1897

The company is the first industrial share to list on the JSE.

1950

Moves its head office from London to Johannesburg.

1966

The company starts brewing Carling Black Label under licence.

1973

SAB establishes breweries in Botswana and Angola.

1979

Agrees to purchase the beer interests of the Rembrandt Group, giving it almost
99% of the SA market.

1993

It makes its first move into central Europe through the acquisition of Hungary's
biggest brewery, Dreher.

1994

Takes joint control of the second-biggest brewery in China.

1995

SAB's centenary - share price of R100, market capitalisation of R30-billion.
Acquires majority stake in Lech Brewery, Poland.

1996

Acquires Vultural, Ursus and Pitber breweries in Romania.

1997

It sells all non-core assets and acquires Pivovar Saris in Slovakia.

1998

Acquires Kaluga Brewery, Moscow.

1999

Primary listing is moved back to London, raising £300-million in international
markets.

Acquires a controlling interest in Pilsner Urquell and Radegast, the leading
brewers in the Czech Republic.

2000

Acquires Narang Breweries in India.

2001

Turnover from international operations now 42% of total.

Acquires Bere Timisoreana, Romania.

SAB becomes the first international brewer to enter Central America when it
acquires Honduran brewer, Cervecería Hondureña.

2002

SABMiller formed following the acquisition of Miller Brewing Company, the
second-biggest brewery in the US.

SABMiller becomes the second-biggest brewer (by volume) in the world.

2003

Makes major acquisition in Italy, Birra Peroni.

2004

Associate China Resources Breweries buys two Chinese breweries.

2005

Acquires a majority interest in Grupo Empresarial Bavaria, South America's
second-biggest brewer.

Acquires Topovar brewery in Slovakia.

CR Snow, SABMiller's joint venture partner in China, acquires Fuyang City
Snowland Brewery.

2006

CR Snow Breweries becomes the largest brewer in China by sales volume and
brewing capacity.

Acquires Foster's in India.

Establishes joint-venture agreement with Vinamilk to establish a greenfield
brewery in southern Vietnam.

2007

SABMiller and Molson Coors Brewing Company agree to combine the US and Puerto
Rico operations of their respective subsidiaries (Miller Brewing Company and
Coors Brewing Company) to form a new venture, MillerCoors.

CR Snow agrees to acquire four breweries.

2008

SABMiller buys Dutch brewer Grolsch.

- Source: SABMiller

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Times Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 19, 1983 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

FIRA approves 32 investment projects, rejects one

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 989 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 32 of 33 investment
 proposals after review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The only proposal rejected was by Rich Plan Corp. of Utica, N.Y., to
 establish a food-service business in Toronto.

The proposals approved were by:
    Armstrong Industries Inc. of Northbrook, Ill., to establish a business
 in Toronto to import and distribute medical products and to export other
 medical products made in Canada.

Malcolm Bayliss of Britain to establish a business in Vancouver to
 distribute a reference library consisting of English materials produced by
 Caxton Publishers of Britain and other reference materials available in
 Canada.

Boots Drug Stores (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, owned by Boots Co. of
 Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Safeguard Drugs
 Ltd. of Toronto.

Brown Shoe Co. of Canada Ltd., Perth, Ont., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Sterling Shoe Stores Ltd. of Winnipeg.

Canadian Liquid Air Ltd. of Montreal, a subsidiary of Liquid Air Corp.
 of the United States, which is controlled by Air Liquide International SA
 of France, to acquire control of the business carried on by the Cylinder
 Filling division of C and M Welding Supply Ltd. of Sarnia, Ont.

Ian Clarke Dalgarno and Edith Agnes Dalgarno, both of Lambeth, Ont.,
 Sheena Dalgarno and David Dalgarno, both citizens of Scotland, and George
 Allison of Delaware, Ont., to acquire control of Twin Streams Golf Course
 Ltd.

EIL Instruments Inc. of Sparks, Md., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Schlumberger Canada Ltd.

Emerson Electric Canada Ltd. of Markham, Ont., owned by Emerson
 Electric Co. of St. Louis, Mo., to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Borg-Warner Canada Ltd.

Gerald Greer of Kanata, Ont., and Peter Demetriades of Henderson, N.C.,
 to establish a business in Ottawa to distribute janitorial products and
 later to manufacture floor pads.

Group Management and Merchandising International Inc. of New York and
 Donald Mulligan of Burlington, Ont., to establish a business in Burlington
 to provide insurance underwriting management services primarily to
 automobile and truck rental and leasing operators.

Guardsmark Inc. of Memphis, Tenn., to establish a business in Ontario
 to provide security guard and private detective investigative services.

Hallamore Motor Transportation Inc. of Holbrook, Mass., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Equipment Express Ltd. of Markham,
 Ont.

Industrial-Mine Supply Co. of Canada Ltd., Edmonton, owned by
 Industrial-Mine Supply Co. Inc. of St. Louis, Mo., to establish a business
 at Edmonton to sell specialized lubricants, to design, assemble and sell
 lubrication systems and to provide consulting services in lubrication
 technology.

Dr. Ismail Ismail of Eden Prairie, Minn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by KO Mair Associates Ltd. of Ottawa.

John Menzies PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
 on by John Coutts Library Services Ltd. of Niagara Falls, Ont.

Richard Johnson and Barbara Johnson of Smithville, Ohio, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Cat Island Lodge Ltd. of Red Lake,
 Ont.

Killark Electric Manufacturing Co. of St. Louis, Mo., to establish a
 business at Toronto to import, warehouse, distribute and ultimately
 manufacture electrical products for the construction industry.

Kort Propulsion Co. Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at Halifax-
 Dartmouth to market propulsion nozzle systems for marine vessels and oil
 rigs, as well as to provide related technical services.

Monier Ltd. of Australia to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Flex-Lox Industries Ltd. of Abbotsford, B.C.

Ng Yen Khin of Malaysia and Winston Tay of Richmond, B.C., to establish
 a business in Winnipeg to manufacture and market plastic shopping and
 utility bags.
    118629 Canada Inc. of Montreal, equally owned by Canadian Liquid Air
 Ltd. of Montreal, a subsidiary of Liquid Air Corp. of the United States,
 and a resident Canadian, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 the Distribution division of C and M Welding Supply Ltd. of Sarnia, Ont.

Perard Torque Tension Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Miltor Drilling Equipment Ltd. of Burlington, Ont..

Plastics Plus Ltd. of Edmundston, N.B., equally owned by a Canadian
 citizen and a group of residents of West Germany, to establish a business
 in New Brunswick to manufacture and sell components and products made from
 plastic materials.

Prisco Graphics of Canada Inc., Markham, Ont., equally owned by a U.S.
 citizen and a resident Canadian, to establish a business at Markham to
 distribute printers supplies.

Reliance Shipping and Travel Agencies and Reliance Holdings, both of
 Malaysia, to acquire control of the business carried on by Reliance Travel
 (Canada) Inc. of Toronto.

Revere Products Corp. of Solon, Ohio, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Revere Chemical Corp. of Toronto.

The Republic of France to acquire control of the business carried on by
 CGR Canada Ltee of Ville St-Laurent, Que.

Roadway Services Inc. of Akron, Ohio, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Holmes Transportation (Quebec) Ltd. of LaPrairie,
 Que.

Servo Crafts Inc. of Troy, Mich., to establish a business in Windsor,
 Ont., to design, manufacture, assemble, repair and service various types
 of valves, pumps and related components.

Sun Chlorella Canada Ltd. of Vancouver, owned by Sun Chlorella Co. Ltd.
 of Japan, to establish a business in Vancouver to import and distribute
 chlorella health food supplements on a wholesale and retail basis.

Verenigde Bedrijven Bredero NV of the Netherlands, Aronovitch and
 Leipsic Ltd. of Winnipeg and Wayne Shaw of Toronto, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Aronovitch and Leipsic Ltd. of Winnipeg.

Ernest I. Wilson Family Trust of Salt Lake City, Utah, to acquire
 control of Universal Foam Systems Ltd. of Blackie, Alta.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 19, 1983



CORRECTION: Schlumberger Canada Ltd. has sold its Western Instruments Service
Centre
 division to EIL Instruments Inc. The sale was incorrectly reported in the
 Foreign Investment Review Agency approvals July 19.

   (Page B2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 19, 1983 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

FIRA approves 32 investment projects, rejects one

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 978 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 32 of 33 investment
proposals after review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The only proposal rejected was by Rich Plan Corp. of Utica, N.Y., to
establish a food-service business in Toronto.

The proposals approved were by:
   Armstrong Industries Inc. of Northbrook, Ill., to establish a business
in Toronto to import and distribute medical products and to export other
medical products made in Canada.

Malcolm Bayliss of Britain to establish a business in Vancouver to
distribute a reference library consisting of English materials produced by
Caxton Publishers of Britain and other reference materials available in
Canada.

Boots Drug Stores (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, owned by Boots Co. of
Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Safeguard Drugs
Ltd. of Toronto.

Brown Shoe Co. of Canada Ltd., Perth, Ont., to acquire control of the
business carried on by Sterling Shoe Stores Ltd. of Winnipeg.

Canadian Liquid Air Ltd. of Montreal, a subsidiary of Liquid Air Corp.
of the United States, which is controlled by Air Liquide International SA
of France, to acquire control of the business carried on by the Cylinder
Filling division of C and M Welding Supply Ltd. of Sarnia, Ont.

Ian Clarke Dalgarno and Edith Agnes Dalgarno, both of Lambeth, Ont.,
Sheena Dalgarno and David Dalgarno, both citizens of Scotland, and George
Allison of Delaware, Ont., to acquire control of Twin Streams Golf Course
Ltd.

EIL Instruments Inc. of Sparks, Md., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Schlumberger Canada Ltd.

Emerson Electric Canada Ltd. of Markham, Ont., owned by Emerson
Electric Co. of St. Louis, Mo., to acquire control of the business carried
on by Borg-Warner Canada Ltd.

Gerald Greer of Kanata, Ont., and Peter Demetriades of Henderson, N.C.,
to establish a business in Ottawa to distribute janitorial products and
later to manufacture floor pads.

Group Management and Merchandising International Inc. of New York and
Donald Mulligan of Burlington, Ont., to establish a business in Burlington
to provide insurance underwriting management services primarily to
automobile and truck rental and leasing operators.

Guardsmark Inc. of Memphis, Tenn., to establish a business in Ontario
to provide security guard and private detective investigative services.

Hallamore Motor Transportation Inc. of Holbrook, Mass., to acquire
control of the business carried on by Equipment Express Ltd. of Markham,
Ont.

Industrial-Mine Supply Co. of Canada Ltd., Edmonton, owned by
Industrial-Mine Supply Co. Inc. of St. Louis, Mo., to establish a business
at Edmonton to sell specialized lubricants, to design, assemble and sell
lubrication systems and to provide consulting services in lubrication
technology.

Dr. Ismail Ismail of Eden Prairie, Minn., to acquire control of the
business carried on by KO Mair Associates Ltd. of Ottawa.

John Menzies PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
on by John Coutts Library Services Ltd. of Niagara Falls, Ont.

Richard Johnson and Barbara Johnson of Smithville, Ohio, to acquire
control of the business carried on by Cat Island Lodge Ltd. of Red Lake,
Ont.

Killark Electric Manufacturing Co. of St. Louis, Mo., to establish a
business at Toronto to import, warehouse, distribute and ultimately
manufacture electrical products for the construction industry.

Kort Propulsion Co. Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at Halifax-
Dartmouth to market propulsion nozzle systems for marine vessels and oil
rigs, as well as to provide related technical services.

Monier Ltd. of Australia to acquire control of the business carried on
by Flex-Lox Industries Ltd. of Abbotsford, B.C.

Ng Yen Khin of Malaysia and Winston Tay of Richmond, B.C., to establish
a business in Winnipeg to manufacture and market plastic shopping and
utility bags.
   118629 Canada Inc. of Montreal, equally owned by Canadian Liquid Air
Ltd. of Montreal, a subsidiary of Liquid Air Corp. of the United States,
and a resident Canadian, to acquire control of the business carried on by
the Distribution division of C and M Welding Supply Ltd. of Sarnia, Ont.

Perard Torque Tension Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
business carried on by Miltor Drilling Equipment Ltd. of Burlington, Ont..

Plastics Plus Ltd. of Edmundston, N.B., equally owned by a Canadian
citizen and a group of residents of West Germany, to establish a business
in New Brunswick to manufacture and sell components and products made from
plastic materials.

Prisco Graphics of Canada Inc., Markham, Ont., equally owned by a U.S.
citizen and a resident Canadian, to establish a business at Markham to
distribute printers supplies.

Reliance Shipping and Travel Agencies and Reliance Holdings, both of
Malaysia, to acquire control of the business carried on by Reliance Travel
(Canada) Inc. of Toronto.

Revere Products Corp. of Solon, Ohio, to acquire control of the
business carried on by Revere Chemical Corp. of Toronto.

The Republic of France to acquire control of the business carried on by
CGR Canada Ltee of Ville St-Laurent, Que.

Roadway Services Inc. of Akron, Ohio, to acquire control of the
business carried on by Holmes Transportation (Quebec) Ltd. of LaPrairie,
Que.

Servo Crafts Inc. of Troy, Mich., to establish a business in Windsor,
Ont., to design, manufacture, assemble, repair and service various types
of valves, pumps and related components.

Sun Chlorella Canada Ltd. of Vancouver, owned by Sun Chlorella Co. Ltd.
of Japan, to establish a business in Vancouver to import and distribute
chlorella health food supplements on a wholesale and retail basis.

Verenigde Bedrijven Bredero NV of the Netherlands, Aronovitch and
Leipsic Ltd. of Winnipeg and Wayne Shaw of Toronto, to acquire control of
the business carried on by Aronovitch and Leipsic Ltd. of Winnipeg.

Ernest I. Wilson Family Trust of Salt Lake City, Utah, to acquire
control of Universal Foam Systems Ltd. of Blackie, Alta.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 19, 1983



CORRECTION: Schlumberger Canada Ltd. has sold its Western Instruments Service
Centre
division to EIL Instruments Inc. The sale was incorrectly reported in the
Foreign Investment Review Agency approvals July 19.   (Page B2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Defencemen prized players in trades that fail to provide blockbuster deal:
Oilers get scoring threat Samsonov; Recchi waives no-trade clause to help
Carolina get 'elite'

BYLINE: Neil Stevens, Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. G1

LENGTH: 1046  words


Sergei Samsonov, Keith Carney, Mika Noronen, Tyler Arnason, Mark Recchi, Sandis
Ozolinsh, Brendan Witt and Willie Mitchell were among players traded before the
NHL deadline Thursday, but there was no blockbuster deal to knock the socks off
anybody's Stanley Cup predictions.

The salary cap that came into effect this season restricted some teams' ability
to deal, but there were more moves than expected as activity heated before the
12 p.m. PT cutoff.

It was clear, too, that defencemen were the most highly prized players.

Edmonton, Vancouver and Ottawa strengthened their lineups, as did Carolina, the
New York Rangers and Nashville.

The Oilers got Samsonov, a scoring threat most times he's on the ice, to boost
their chances of making the playoffs. Samsonov can become an unrestricted free
agent July 1. In exchange, Boston got Marty Reasoner, Jan Stastny and a
second-round draft pick.

"We had five or six guys targeted," said Oilers GM Kevin Lowe. "It really heated
up about an hour before the deadline with Boston, and we'd been able to make
some pretty good trades with them before."

The deal came one day after Lowe improved his goaltending by getting reliable
Dwayne Roloson from Minnesota for a first-round draft pick.

"We think we've got a good, well-balanced team right now," said Lowe. "We still
have to get into the playoffs but, if we do, it could be fun."

Arnason went to Ottawa from Chicago for forward Brandon Bochenski and a
second-round draft pick.

Arnason's production is down this season but he's a good player who should
thrive in the talent-rich Senators lineup.

"We were looking for somebody who could play on our second line and we feel he
can do that for us," said GM John Muckler, who finalized the Arnason trade five
minutes before the deadline.

Carolina, having just lost Erik Cole for the rest of the regular season, filled
a dire need in getting Recchi from Pittsburgh for forward Krys Kolanos,
defenceman Niklas Nordgren and a second-round draft pick.

The Hurricanes will be on the hook for Recchi's $2.28 million 2006-2007 salary.

"He's been an elite player for many, many years in this league, especially in
the playoffs," said GM Jim Rutherford. "I think that once you get to the
playoffs it's very important to have guys who've been there to help the other
guys along."

Recchi waived his no-trade clause.

"I'm just looking at being a piece of the puzzle to help Carolina get to an
elite level," he said. "I'm not going in to be a saviour.

"If I can be a little piece to get them over the top, that's what I'm hoping
for."

Having added Doug Weight in January and now Recchi, Rutherford feels he's made
"a statement not only to our fans but to the rest of the league that we're
serious about being a contender."

Ozolinsh will bolster the Rangers' defence. He only cost them a third-round
draft pick. He was absent from Anaheim's lineup while in the league's substance
abuse program but was activated for the Olympics and showed in playing for
Latvia that he's capable of helping any team. Ozolinsh is under contract for
next season for $2.75 million.

Nashville got big defenceman Brendan Witt from Washington for a first-round
draft pick and forward Kris Beech. The Predators are playoff bound so don't mind
that Witt can become a UFA.

"He's a big upgrade for us," said coach Barry Trotz.

Said Preds defenceman Dan Hamhuis: "It shows [management] really believe in us
and this is a year we can make a really good playoff run."

Witt had asked last year to be traded.

"I'd have done this a week ago if this deal was there," Caps GM George McPhee
said. "It took us until 2:30 to get this return and we're happy with the
return."

Washington also traded forward Jeff Friesen to Anaheim for a second-round draft
pick, and McPhee now has five picks in the first two rounds of the June draft.

"We're going to play the young guys," he said of what's ahead till the schedule
runs out.

"We have to find out if some of our young guys can play."

DEADLINE DEALS:

- Calgary acquires F Jamie Lundmark from Phoenix for draft pick; trade F Jason
Wiemer to New Jersey for fourth-round draft pick in 2006.

- Carolina acquires F Mark Recchi from Pittsburgh in exchange for D Niklas
Nordgren, F Krys Kolanos and second-round draft pick.

- Colorado acquires F Jim Dowd from Chicago for a fourth-round draft pick.

- Dallas acquires D Willie Mitchell and second-round draft pick from Minnesota
for D Martin Skoula and D Shawn Belle.

- Detroit acquires D Cory Cross from Pittsburgh for fourth-round draft pick.

- Edmonton acquires F Sergei Samsonov from Boston for F Marty Reasoner,
second-round draft pick and F Yan Stastny.

- Florida re-signs F Olli Jokinen to a $21-million US, four-year contract;
acquire D Ric Jackman from Pittsburgh for F Petr Taticek.

- Montreal acquires D Todd Simpson from Chicago for sixth-round draft pick.

- New Jersey acquires D Brad Lukowich from New York Islanders for third-round
draft pick.

- New York Rangers acquire D Sandis Ozolinsh from Anaheim for third-round draft
pick.

- Ottawa claims G Mike Morrison off waivers from Edmonton; acquire F Tyler
Arnason from Chicago for F Brandon Bochenski and second-round draft pick.

- Philadelphia acquires D Denis Gauthier from Phoenix for F Josh Gratton and two
second-round draft picks; and acquire F Nikos Dimitrakos from San Jose Sharks
for third-round pick.

- Phoenix trades D Sean O'Donnell to Anaheim for F Joel Perreault; acquire F
Oleg Kvasha from New York Islanders for third-round draft pick; and acquire D
Jamie Rivers from Detroit for seventh-round draft pick; and acquire F Yannick
Lehoux from Los Angeles in exchange for F Tim Jackman.

- Pittsburgh claims D Andy Hilbert from Chicago.

- Vancouver acquires D Sean Brown from New Jersey for fourth-round draft pick in
2006; acquire goaltender Mika Noronen from Buffalo for a second-round draft pick
in 2006; acquire D Keith Carney and D Juha Alen from Anaheim for D Brett Skinner
and second-round draft pick; acquire D Eric Weinrich from St. Louis for D Tomas
Mojzis and a third-round draft pick in 2006; and trade D Steve McCarthy to
Atlanta for conditional draft pick.

- Washington claims F Rico Fata on waivers from Atlanta; trade F Jeff Friesen to
Anaheim for second-round draft pick; trade D Brendan Witt to Nashville for F
Kris Beech and first-round draft pick.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: David Duprey, Associated Press; Sergei Samsonov move to Edmonton
from Boston gives the Oilers a better chance of making the playoffs.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Thrifts Interstate Powers

                              May 23, 1988, Monday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws will soon be expanded to include reference numbers identifying the laws. If
you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other information you
would like to see included in future listings, please write to Robert Paul Molay
at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10004.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide banking - also on a
reciprocal basis - is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: From July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1990, a Colorado thrift may be
acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally reciprocal
laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of Colorado thrifts
are allowed after Jan. 1, 1990. Even after this date, no acquisition or merger
will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control more than 25% of the
aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and other financial
institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and
Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal basis
only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the state
when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies. The legislation is reciprocal.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: An amendment to the Illinois Savings and Loan Act of 1985, signed into
law Sept. 10, 1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to
control or own more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the
acquiring company's home state provides reciprocal privileges for Illinois
thrift holding companies.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation was
proposed by the Iowa League of Savings Institutions and supported by opinions of
the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and state Superintendent Gregg Barcus. It
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides privileges, on a reciprocal basis, for
state-chartered savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Savings and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The legislation took effect July 1, 1987. Full
interstate powers for thrifts, on a reciprocal basis, go into effect Jan. 1,
1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law allows savings and loans from Alabama,
Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a reciprocal basis. It
became effective July 1, 1987.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation.

MISSISSIPPI: Since 1982, thrifts from any other state have been allowed to
acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans on a reciprocal basis. The legislation, passed in
May 1987, also has a provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid
out-of-state acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.


NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a regional interstate compact for
New Jersey thrifts. Under the law, thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire New Jersey thrifts on a
reciprocal basis. However, the banking commissioner must first review the
interstate law from the home state of the applicant to determine whether it
meets New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity. Since New Jersey has not yet
approved a compact with any state, the law is not yet operative. Nationwide
thrift banking will take effect when New Jersey authorities determine that 13
states have such a law on their books and 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest
thrift deposit states.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. There are no reciprocity
requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. After Jan. 1, 1989,
nonreciprocal, nationwide powers for thrifts go into effect. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de novo institutions in the state.


NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: An October 1985 law allows thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia to acquire Ohio
thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers go into
effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under a 1983 law, savings and loans from any New England state may
acquire Rhode Island thrifts on a reciprocal basis. In 1985, the law was amended
to allow nationwide, reciprocal powers to take effect July 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: According to a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and
operate branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national
banking compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and
Loan League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas
thrift.

UTAH: Out-of-state thrifts from 11 states may acquire Utah savings and loans on
a reciprocal basis: Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New
Mexico, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming. Since Dec. 31, thrifts from
anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.


VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, out-of-state thrifts within the
New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide, reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, savings and loans from any state in the union
may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 2406 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              104 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2011 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                February 7, 2011

                       Nippon Oil Corporation (Inactive)

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


PetroChina International To Acquire 49% Interest In Osaka Refinery From Nippon
Oil

   Date: Jul 10, 2009

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Nippon Oil Acquires Interest In Four Gas Exploration Licenses From Oil Search

   Date: Jan 13, 2009

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Nippon Oil Acquires Stake In LNG Project And Oilfields From AGL Energy

   Date: Dec 18, 2008

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Nippon Oil Merges With Nippon Mining

   Date: Jan 27, 2010

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Nippon Oil Announces Delay In Formation Of Joint Venture With CNPC

   Date: May 07, 2008

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Nippon Oil To Acquire Kyushu Oil

   Date: Mar 18, 2008

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Santos Enters Into An Agreement With ExxonMobil, Oil Search, Nippon Oil, AGL and
MRDC

   Date: Mar 14, 2008

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Mitsui, INPEX, Mitsubishi And Nippon Acquires Additional Shares In KG Berau And
KG Wiriagar

   Date: Oct 22, 2007

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Tap Oil Acquires Additional 15% Interest In Totem Prospects WA-191-P From Nippon
Oil Exploration (Dampier)

   Date: Jul 26, 2007

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


SK Corporation Acquires 1% Stake In Nippon Oil Corporation

   Date: Mar 31, 2007

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.


Nippon Oil Acquires 1% Stake In SK Corporation

   Date: Mar 31, 2007

   PetroChina International Company Ltd., an oil and gas exploration and
production company, received an approval to acquire 49% interest in Osaka
refinery, from Nippon Oil Corporation, a Japan-based oil petroleum company. The
Osaka refinery has a capacity of 115,000 barrels per day. Following the
completion of the transaction, PetroChina International will hold 49% interest
and remaining 51% interest will be held by Nippon Oil.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Operational Analysis            Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011


                              105 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

EU mergers and takeovers (Dec 21)

LENGTH: 1149 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Dec. 21 -- The following are mergers under review by the European
Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:

APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS

-- US car sealing and thermal management products Dana to acquire transmissions
and hydraulic and electronic parts maker Brevini Group's fluid power and power
transmission units (approved Dec 16)

-- Irish technology distribution company Exertis, which is part of DCC PLC, to
acquire UK data-storage company Hammer (approved Dec 20)

NEW LISTINGS

-- ArcelorMittal Distribution Services France and Cellino to create a joint
venture Steelcame Srl active in industrial sheet metal workshop and steel
distribution (notified Dec 16/deadline Jan 30)

EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES

None

FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE

DEC 22

-- Coca Cola Company to buy 50 per cent stake in Lithuanian mineral water
producer Neptuno Vandenys from Coca Cola Hellenic Bottling Company (notified Nov
17/deadline Dec 22)

-- Verizon Communications to acquire US internet company Yahoo (notified Nov
17/deadline Dec 22)

JAN 5

-- UK engineering company Smiths Group to acquire US-based Morpho Detection from
French aerospace company Safran (notified Nov 23/deadline Jan 5)

-- Private equity firms Cinven, Permira and Mid Europa to acquire Polish
e-commerce business Allegro and Polish price comparison website Ceneo from South
African media and e-commerce company Naspers (notified Nov 23/deadline Jan
5/simplified)

JAN 6

-- Chinese insurance company Fosun to acquire German fashion house Tom Tailor
(notified Nov 24/deadline Jan 6/simplified)

JAN 9

-- Venture capital company Rockaway Capital SE, energy company EC Investments
and Czech financial services company PPF Group N V to create online shopping
joint venture Sully System (notified Nov 25/deadline Jan 9/simplified)

-- Czech e-commerce services company Rockaway Capital SE, energy company EC
Investments and Czech financial services company PPF Group N V to acquire Sully
systems, which will act as a holding company (notified Nov 25/deadline Jan
9/simplified)

JAN 10

-- French automotive manufacturer Groupe PSA to take control of French
second-hand car distributor Groupe Aramis (notified Nov 28/deadline Jan
10/simplified)

-- Business consultancy Everis Initiatives, which is a subsidiary of Japanese
group NTT Data, and Spanish bank Bankia to jointly acquire Spanish company
Nettit Colaborative Payment, which is now solely controlled by Everis (notified
Nov 28/deadline Jan 10/simplified)

JAN 11

-- US medical devices maker Abbott Laboratories to acquire US diagnostics
company Alere (notified Nov 29/deadline Jan 11)

JAN 13

-- Investment firm HIG Capital to acquire shares in Dutch recycling company
Ecore (notified Dec 1/deadline Jan 13/simplifed)

-- US conglomerate Koch Industries to acquire US peer Guardian Industries
(notified Dec 1/deadline Jan 13/simplified)

JAN 17

-- German automotive parts supplier Rheinmetall Automotive and Chinese
automobile radiator company Zhejan Yinlun Machinery to form joint venture JV
(notified Dec 5/deadline Jan 17/simplified procedure)

-- US investment firm KKR & Co to take sole control of Japanese auto parts
supplier Calsonic Kansei Corp (notified Dec 5/deadline Jan.17/simplified)

JAN 18

-- Private equity firm Permira to acquire online fashion products retailer
Schustermann & Borenstein (notified Dec 6/deadline Jan 18/simplified)

-- Private equity firm Permira to acquire German fashion retailer and exporter
Schustermann & Borenstein (notified Dec 6/deadline Jan 18/simplified)

JAN 20

-- US investment group KKR to acquire a majority stake in Swedish bed and
mattrass maker Hilding Anders (notified Dec 8/deadline Jan 20/simplified)

-- South Africa's Barloworld Ltd and Germany's BayWa to establish BHBW joint
venture for agriculture and materials handling operations in southern Africa
(notified Dec 8/deadline Jan 20/simplified)

-- US investment group KKR to acquire a majority stake in Swedish bed and
mattrass maker Hilding Anders (notified Dec 8/deadline Jan 20/simplified)

-- South Africa's Barloworld Ltd and Germany's BayWa to establish BHBW joint
venture for agriculture and materials handling operations in southern Africa.
(notified Dec 8/deadline Jan 20/simplified)

JAN 23

-- France's Schneider Electric and DB Energie to form a joint venture (notified
Dec 9/deadline Jan 23/simplified)

JAN 25

-- Japanese holding company Sompo Holdings Inc to acquire New York-listed
insurer Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (notified Dec 13/deadline Jan
25/simplified)

JAN 26

-- Japan's Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings Corporation and Ube Industries to
acquire joint control of electrolytes makers Changshu MC Ionic Solutions CN Co
Ltd and AET Electrolyte Technologies (Zhangjiagang) Co. Ltd (notified Dec
14/deadline Jan 26/simplified)

-- EP Investment and EP Investment II to jointly acquire Czech utility
Energeticky a prumyslovy holding, a.s. (EPH) (notified Dec. 14/deadline Jan
26/simplified)

JAN 30

-- ArcelorMittal Distribution Services France and Cellino to create a joint
venture Steelcame Srl active in industrial sheet metal workshop and steel
distribution (notified Dec 16/deadline Jan 30)

FEB 23

-- German cement producers Heidelbergcement and Schwenk to jointly acquire
Mexican peer Cemex's Croatian unit (notified Sept 5/deadline extended to Feb 23
from Oct 10 after the European Commission opened an in-depth investigation)

FEB 28

-- US chemicals company Dow Chemical to merge with DuPont (notified June
22/deadline Feb 28)

MARCH 6

-- Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange plan to merge (notified Aug
24/deadline extended to March 6 from Feb 13 after the companies asked for more
time)

MARCH 29

-- Chinese state-owned company China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) to
acquire Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (notified Sept 23/deadline
March 29)

SUSPENDED

-- Azerbaijan's state energy company SOCAR to buy stakes in Greek natural gas
grid operator DESFA from Greek natural gas utility DEPA (notified Oct 1/deadline
suspended on Jan 21)

GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS

DEADLINES:

The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a
first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to
consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to
handle the case.

Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed
second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may
extend to 105 working days.

SIMPLIFIED:

Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of
uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision.
Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage
reviews - until they are approved.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 5, 1985 Tuesday

31 foreign investment proposals approved after federal   screening

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1099 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - The federal Cabinet has approved 31 foreign investment
 proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The proposals approved were:
    AFG Industries Inc. of King- sport, Tenn., to establish a new business
 in Selkirk, Man., to manufacture flat float glass.

American Transit Corp. of St. Louis, Mo., to establish a new business
 in Toronto, initially to repair and sell used bus coaches and later to
 export renovated bus coaches and parts, as well as to sell new bus
 coaches.

Genentech Canada Inc. of San Francisco and Boehringer Ingelheim Inc. of
 Burlington, Ont., which is ultimately owned by Boehringer Ingelheim
 International GmbH of West Germany, to establish a new business in
 Burlington to import and distribute pharmaceutical products for human and
 animal health care.

Hampidjan Ltd. of Iceland to establish a new business in Burin, Nfld.,
 to manufacture trawl nets and twines for the fishing industry.

Terence Roger Homewood and Arthur Homewood of Britain to establish a
 new business in Montreal to import, sell and service graphics art
 equipment.

Ibec Inc. of New York to establish a new business in Beaver Cove, B.C.,
 to raise salmon.

Maxicar SpA and Olman SpA of Italy to establish a new business in
 Cornwall, Ont., to manufacture auto body spare parts.

Petranol PLC of Britain to establish a new business in Calgary to
 explore for and produce oil and gas.

Ronson Corp. of Bridgewater, N.J., to establish a new business in
 Toronto to manufacture by subcontract and market the Ronson line of
 products including lighter fuels and flints, a spot remover and a
 penetrant spray lubricant.

Sollas Holland BV of the Netherlands to establish a new business in
 Toronto to import and wholesale industrial packing equipment.

Yamato Transport USA Inc. of Jamaica, N.Y., to establish a new business
 in Mississauga, Ont., to provide international freight forwarding and
 cargo handling.

Gary Yount of Colorado to establish a new business in Eldorado, Sask.,
 to operate a fishing camp.

Berger and Co. of San Francisco to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Bergerco Canada Agriculture Ltd. of Moose Jaw, Sask., which
 purchases and sells agricultural commodities.

Consolidated Foods Corp. of Canada Ltd., Toronto, which is owned by
 Consolidated Foods Corp. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Kiwi Polish Co. (Canada) Ltd. of Hamilton, which
 manufactures shoe care products, hand cleaners, sanitation products and
 ski waxes.

Dah Chong Hong (Canada) Ltd. of Vancouver, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Dah Chong Hong Ltd. of Hong Kong, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Jarman Motors (B.C.) Ltd. of New Westminster, B.C.,
 which sells and services Mazda automobiles as well as used automobiles.

Echo Bay Mines Ltd. of Edmonton, which is controlled by IU
 International Corp. of Wilmington, Del., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Nuinsco Resources Ltd. of Vancouver, which explores
 for and develops metallic mineral properties.

EIS Group PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Flexibox (Canada) Inc. of Burlington, which distributes mechanical
 seals and couplings.

Indal Ltd. of Toronto, which is owned by Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp. PLC of
 Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Lamilite Ltd. of
 Orangeville, Ont., which produces laminated glass and laminated glass
 products.

International Metric Supply Inc. of Dallas to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Winzer Ltd. of Mississauga, which distributes small
 parts such as fasteners, hose clamps, connectors and fuel line parts to
 the automotive repair industry.

Litton Systems Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Litton Industries Inc. of Beverly Hills, Calif., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Data Images Inc. of Ottawa, which
 develops and manufactures liquid crystal displays, primarily for
 telecommunications, marine and industrial equipment.

Morton Thiokol Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Bee Chemical Co. of Canada Ltd., Mississauga, which imports
 and sells specialized paint products and other colorants for the
 automotive and plastic industries.

Nystone Chemicals Ltd. of Debert, N.S., which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of E-Z-EM Inc. of Westbury, N.Y., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Therapex Inc. of Ville d'Anjou, Que., which
 manufactures and distributes barium sulfate diagnostic imaging products
 and manufactures cosmetics and pharmaceuticals.

Pacific Molasses Co. of San Francisco to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Bettendorf Ltd. of Morson, Ont., which owns and
 operates a pleasure boat on Lake of the Woods.

PPG Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of PPG
 Industries Inc. of Pittsburgh, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Malor Auto Glass Ltd. of Montreal, which distributes automotive
 replacement glass products, trim and other related products.

Ropak West Inc. of Fullerton, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Capilano Plastics Co. Ltd. of New Westminster,
 B.C., which manufactures and sells plastic containers for the food
 industry.

Safeway Products Inc. of Middleton, Conn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Jay-Vee Waterbed Heaters Ltd. of Niagara Falls,
 Ont., which manufactures and distributes products for the waterbed
 industry, including heaters, heater pads and related items.

Smith and Nephew Associated Cos. PLC of Britain to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Affiliated Medical Products Ltd. of Ajax, Ont.,
 which manufactures surgical gloves and imports and sells surgical and
 medical supplies.

Armstrong Rubber Co. of New Haven, Conn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Blackstone Industrial Products Ltd. of Stratford,
 Ont., which manufactures automotive radiators and heater cores.

Hanna Mining Co. of Cleveland to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Nipigon Transport Ltd. of Calgary, which operates bulk cargo
 vessels on the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Seaway.

Titan Sports Inc. of Greenwich, Conn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Stampede Wrestling of Calgary, which promotes
 wrestling matches.

Wilfred Karldon Furniture Co. Inc. of London, Ont., which is owned 60
 per cent by four U.S. citizens and 40 per cent by a Canadian citizen, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Philips Electronics Ltd.,
 consisting of its Strathroy Furniture Co. division of Toronto, which
 manufactures and markets wooden furniture and related accessories.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 16, 1984 Tuesday

FIRA approves 30 investment proposals

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1238 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - Industry Minister Sinclair Stevens, responsible for
 administration of the Foreign Investment Review Agency, has announced
 approval by the Cabinet of 30 investment proposals.

The proposals approved were by:     Carlisle Corp. of Cincinnati to establish a
new business in Toronto to  import and market elastomeric membranes and related
products for roofing  systems and water-barrier applications.

Cives Corp. of Atlanta to establish a new business in the Mount Forest-
 Harriston area of Ontario to manufacture heavy- duty highway snowplows.

Everco Industries Inc. of Lincolnwood, Ill., to establish a new
 business in Toronto initially to import and later to assemble and then
 manufacture temperature-control valves for the automotive aftermarket, and
 to import and distribute other automotive parts.

Heubach Canada Inc. of Markham, Ont., which is ultimately owned by
 three West German citizens to establish a new business in Markham to
 import and distribute decorative and anticorrosive pigment products to the
 paint, printing ink and plastics industries.

KUKA Wehrtechnik GmbH of West Germany to establish a new business in
 Ottawa to manufacture turrets for tracked and wheeled armored vehicles.

Multicommerce Inc. of France to establish a new business in Toronto to
 act as brokers and traders for the import and export of goods and
 services, mainly between Canada and Egypt.

Novacorp International Consulting Ltd. of Calgary and TGT Pressure
 Transport Ltd., also of Calgary, which is wholly owned by Texas Gas
 Transport Co. of Austin, Tex., to establish a new business in Calgary to
 provide bulk transportation of compressed natural gas.
    133157 Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is controlled by World Cinemax
 Inc. of Willows, Calif., to establish a new business in Toronto and
 Niagara Falls, Ont., to produce, distribute and exhibit films.

Silicon Graphics Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Silicon Graphics Inc. of Mountain View, Calif., to establish
 a new business in Toronto to import, distribute and provide service for
 interactive computer graphics systems.

Bjorn Wikdahl of Decatur, Ga., to establish a new business in Pointe
 Claire, Que., to import from Sweden and/or manufacture by subcontract and
 distribute to the pulp and paper industry screens and de-aerators.

Anamet Inc. of Waterbury, Conn., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Anaconda Canada Exploration Ltd., consisting of its Metal
 Hose division in Colbourne, Ont., which manufactures flexible metal hose
 and plastic-covered flexible conduit for the domestic construction and
 machinery manufacturing industries.

Armstrong World Industries Canada Ltd. of Montreal, which is a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Armstrong World Industries Inc. of Lancaster, Pa., to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Canexel Inc., consisting of
 its Acoustical Products division in Gatineau, Que., which manufactures
 mineral-fibre ceiling products.

Avesta AB of Sweden to acquire control of the businesses carried on by
 Avesta Stainless Inc.-Avesta Inox. Inc. and Uddeholm Stainless Ltd. of
 Mississauga, Ont., which distribute stainless steel, and Ekberg Canada
 Ltd. of Brockville, Ont., which manufactures buttweld fittings.

Burlington Canada Inc. of Dorval, Que., which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Burlington Industries Inc. of Greensboro, N.C., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Leedye Inc. of Lachine, Que., which
 provides commission dyeing and finishing services for tricot
 manufacturers.

Calfed Inc. of Los Angeles to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Glacier National Life Assurance Co. of Vancouver, which sells life,
 accident and sickness insurance.

Continental Import Export SA of France, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by McMahon-Essaim Inc. of Sherbrooke, Que., which
 distributes pharmaceuticals, personal-care products and cosmetics.

Dainippon Fudosan Co. Ltd. of Japan to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Datatax Business Services Ltd., consisting of its Chippewa
 Golf and Country Club division in Southampton, Ont., which operates an 18-
 hole golf course.

Doulton Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Royal Doulton Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Imasco Retail Inc., consisting of the Cavalier China and Gift Shops
 division of its United Cigar Stores division of Calgary, which sells
 dinnerware, stemware, flatware and related products.

Imperial Group PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Orangeroof Ltd. and Orangeroof Hotels Ltd., known as
 Orangeroof of Canada, Mississauga, consisting of the franchising,
 ownership and operation of Howard Johnson hotels in Canada.

Intergraph Corp. of Huntsville, Ala., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Intergraph Systems Ltd. of Calgary, which markets
 and provides service support for interactive computer-based design and
 drafting systems.

Italmarble Export-Import SRL of Italy to acquire control of the
 business carried on by 577827 Ontario Ltd. of Weston, Ont., which imports
 and distributes marble.

Minstar Inc. of Minneapolis to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Cherco Compressors Ltd. of Calgary, which manufactures and sells
 customized compressor systems for a variety of natural gas applications,
 including production and distribution.

National Intergroup Inc. of Pittsburgh and Nippon Kokan KK of Japan to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Carryore Ltd. of St.
 Catharines, Ont., which transports primarily iron ore.

F. William Niggemyer of Fremont, Ohio, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Universal Equipment Co. of Canada, Red Deer, Alta.,
 which purchases, dismantles, refurbishes and resells used mining and
 mineral-processing machinery and equipment.

Raute Oy of Finland to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Durand Machine Co. Ltd. of New Westminster, B.C., which designs and
 manufactures wood-processing equipment for the production of plywood and
 other wood-based products from softwood lumber.

Rexnord Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Rexnord Inc. of Brookfield, Wis., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Canadian Adhesives Ltd. of Montreal, which manufactures
 adhesives, sealants, caulking and roofing and flooring compounds.

Scapa Group North America Ltd. of St. Laurent, Que., which is a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Scapa Group PLC of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Perma-Flex Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures
 industrial polyvinyl chloride ink rollers for the printing industry.

Smith and Nephew Inc. of Lachine, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Smith and Nephew Associated Cos. PLC of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by H.M. Cole Inc. of Boucherville, Que., which
 manufactures and distributes health and beauty aids.

Societe de Participations Internationales SPI of France to acquire
 control of the businesses carried on by Anglo Canada General Insurance Co.
 and Gibraltar General Insurance Co. of London, Ont., which provide
 property and casualty insurance.

Standard Products (Canada) Ltd. of Stratford, Ont., which is a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Standard Products Co. of Cleveland, Ohio, to acquire
 control of the businesses carried on by P.V. Trim Ltd. of Mississauga and
 Rim Trim Inc. of Toronto, which manufacture plastic automotive trim
 products.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 22, 1987 Thursday

FOREIGN INVESTMENTS

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 968 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
  Five foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
Investment Canada .

Approved are plans by:
  Conagra, Inc. of Omaha, Neb., to acquire control of the businesses
carried on by Agro Co. of Canada Ltd., Montreal, and its subsidiaries:
Agro Quebec Ltd. and Silos Trans-Canada Ltee, both of Montreal, and Agro
B.C. Ltd. of Vancouver, all of which are involved in the grain brokerage
business, including the trading of agricultural commodities in Canada and
for export.

General Atlantic Energy Corp., GAJH 1986 Limited Partnership, GA-FGC
1986 Limited Partnership, Foxco Energy Limited Partnership -1986, and
Colton West, Inc., all of Denver, to acquire control of the business
carried on by 340384 Alberta Ltd. of Calgary, which owns oil and natural
gas producing properties in Alberta, Saskatchewan and British Columbia.

Pitney Bowes of Canada Ltd., Toronto, wholly owned and controlled by
Pitney Bowes Inc. of Stamford, Conn., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Misener Financial Corp. of Toronto, which is involved in
leasing operations.

694873 Ontario Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., controlled by a group of non-  Canadian
investors, to acquire control of the business carried on by  Plibrico Canada
Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., which manufactures and installs  a wide range of
castable-type refractory products.

Sun/DIC Acquisition Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the
business carried on by General Printing Ink Corp. of Canada Ltd., Weston,
Ont., which manufactures, distributes and sells printing inks for
publications, newspapers and packaging.
  Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:
  Carbomedics Inc. of Austin, Tex., to establish a business at Calgary to
manufacture mechanical prosthetic heart valve components.

Ciba Corning Diagnostics International Corp. of Medfield, Mass., to
establish a business at Richmond Hill, Ont., to sell and service clinical
diagnostic instrumentation and chemistry reagents.

IBM Canada Ltd. of the United States to establish a business at
Markham, Ont., to provide commercial lease financing services.

John Kuri of the United States to establish a business at St-Adolphe
d'Howard, Que., to produce a feature-length film.

Naniwa-Ya Restaurant Group Ltd. of Japan to establish a business at
Vancouver to operate a Japanese fast food restaurant.

Rentokil Group PLC of Britain to establish a business at Toronto to
provide pest control services.

World Computer Corp. of Auburn Hills, Mich., to establish a business at
Ottawa to sell and service computer hardware and software primarily to
credit unions and caisses populaires.

Acquisitions:
   All Systems Communications Inc. of the United States to acquire control
of the business carried on by International Aeradio (North America) Ltd.
of Richmond Hill, Ont., and Calgary and Edmonton, which distribute and
install institutional communications systems.

Asplundh Tree Expert Co. of Willow Grove, Pa., to acquire control of
the business carried on by Big Axe Clearing Co. Ltd. of Edmonton, which
provides right-of-way clearance services.

Browning-Ferris Industries Ltd. of the United States to acquire control
of the business carried on by 508852 Ontario Ltd., known as Pathological
Waste Management of Scarborough, Ont., which provides pathological waste
disposal services.

Canadian General Electric Co. Ltd. of the United States to acquire
control of the businesses carried on by ICS Construction Ltd. of
Burlington, Ont.; Auprocon Ltd. of Burlington; and ICS Ltee of St-Laurent,
Que., which install and maintain industrial instrumentation and controls.

Citair Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the business
carried on by Kenyon & Co. Ltd., consisting of its Okanagan Manufacturers
division in Penticton, B.C., which manufactures and distributes
recreational vehicles.

Echlin Inc. of Branford, Conn., to acquire control of the business
carried on by Rigid Automotive Parts Inc. of Weston, Ont., which
remanufactures automotive parts.

FCB/Provost Inc. of the United States and Canada to acquire control of
the business carried on by Publicite Michel Provost & Associes Inc. of
Montreal, which is an advertising agency.

Oyo Corp. of Houston to acquire control of the business carried on by
Geo Space Canada Inc. of Calgary, which manufactures, sells, rents and
repairs geophones, parts and related materials for industrial and
geophysical applications.

P.C. 23 Trust BV of the Netherlands to acquire control of the business
carried on by Electro-Nite Canada Ltd. of Hamilton, which assembles
expendable sensors and instruments for the iron and steel industry.

PPG Biomedical Systems Canada Inc. of the United States to acquire
control of the business carried on by Honeywell Ltd., consisting of its
Biomedical Services divisions in Toronto, Montreal, Edmonton and Halifax,
which sell and service medical electronic diagnostic equipment.

Sealed Air of Canada Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of
the business carried on by Attree Manufacturing Corp. and Lifestyle Spas
Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which manufactures and sells completed
spas and jetted tubs.

Sketchley Cleaning Services Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
business carried on by Wheeler's Drive-In Cleaners Ltd. of Toronto, and
Dai Han (Chang Hee) Cleaners Ltd., known as Bestway Cleaners (located at
1518 Bayview Ave., Toronto), both of which provide dry cleaning and
laundering services.

Tire Equipment Inc. of Buena Park, Calif., to acquire control of the
business carried on by AMF Canada Ltd., consisting of its Tire Equipment
division in Guelph, Ont., which distributes, sells, leases and services
equipment for the tire industry.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 11, 1986 Monday

Investment Canada approves 8 proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 987 words


Eight foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

BV Carrosseriefabriek Den Oudsten en Zonen of the Netherlands to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Flyer Industries Ltd. of Winnipeg,
 which manufactures buses.

Cadbury Schweppes Canada Inc. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Cadbury Schweppes PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Canada Dry Ltd. of Toronto, which licences trademarks,
 franchises, and manufactures, sells and distributes soft drinks,
 concentrates, fruit drinks, and carbonated and non-carbonated water.

Coca-Cola Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of Coca-Cola Co.
 of Atlanta, to acquire control of the business carried on by Canada Dry
 Ltd., consisting of its bottling businesses in Toronto and in Sherwood
 Park, Alta., which manufactures, sells and distributes pre-mixed
 beverages, fountain syrups, bottled and canned soft drink products from
 concentrates and distributes fruit drinks.

First Brands Corp. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Union Carbide of Canada Ltd., consisting of its Home and
 Automotive Products division in Toronto, which manufactures plastic film
 products and a variety of oil and gasoline additives and lubricants.

Granada TV Rental Ltd. of Toronto, ultimately owned by Granada Group
 PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Sterisystems Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., Telvimed Ltee of Montreal, Yvon
 Poirier Electronique Ltee, also of Montreal, and Hoptal-Vision Inc. of
 Quebec City, which rents personal sized television receivers to patients
 in hospitals.

J. C. Penney Co. Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Cableshare Inc. of London, Ont., which develops, markets and
 implements videotex computer information systems, services and software
 products and data communication network products.

Montbridge Properties Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Citadel
 International Holdings Ltd. of Jersey, Channel Islands, to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Patco Investments Ltd. of Toronto, which
 owns apartment building properties.

150733 Canada Inc. of Toronto, ultimately controlled by Ralston Purina
 Co. of St. Louis, Mo., to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Union Carbide Canada Ltd., consisting of its battery products business in
 Toronto, which manufactures dry-cell, carbon zinc and alkaline batteries.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Canadeer Technologies Ltd. of Canada and the United States to establish
 a business at Regina to conduct energy and environmental research.

Denon Canada Inc. of Japan to establish a business at Markham, Ont., to
 distribute musical recordings and compact discs under the Denon label.

Fries & Cino Inc. of Cincinnati to establish a business at Toronto to
 make and distribute food flavorings.

Mercury International Trading Canada Ltd. of Mansfield, Mass., to
 establish a business at Toronto to wholesale footwear throughout Canada.

Quintel Corp. of Tempe, Ariz., to establish a business at Cornwall,
 Ont., to sell electronic instruments.

Thermal Mapping International Ltd. of Britain to establish a business
 at Vancouver to provide surveying and meteorological services to highway
 authorities.

Valmet Arctic Canada Ltd. of Canada and Finland to establish a business
 at Calgary to provide research and development, market-responsive
 engineering, design, project management and other services to the Arctic
 marine industry and Arctic oil and gas exploration and development.

Acquisitions:

Conagra Inc. of Omaha to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Canadian Harvest Process (1986) Ltd. of St. Thomas, Ont., which
 manufactures and wholesales high-fibre food ingredients and products.

Honeywell Amplitrol Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Provincial Security Systems Ltd. of Mt. Pearl,
 Nfld., which sells, installs, services and monitors alarm systems.

Inspectorate EaE Group Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Inspectorate Technical Workforce Inc. of St.
 Catharines, Ont., which provides engineering services.

JMW Acquisition Corp. of Bethesda, Md., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Saga Canadian Management Services Ltd. and
 Administration Saga Ltee of Burlington, Ont., which provides contract food
 service management to corporations, health care facilities, colleges and
 universities.

Kiwi Polish Co. (Canada) Ltd. to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Cansan Consumer Products Ltd. of Owen Sound, Ont., which
 contracts for the formulation, manufacture and distribution of a range of
 septic tank conditioner products.

Modine Manufacturing Co. of Racine, Wis., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Octagon Cooling System Distributors Inc. of
 Burnaby, B.C., which distributes heat transfer products to the automotive
 aftermarket.

Ryder Truck Rental Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Saunders Leasing System of Canada Ltd., Brantford,
 Ont., which rents and leases trucks.

Sketchley Cleaning Services Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Centre Cleaners and Shirt Launderers Ltd. of
 Toronto, which provides dry cleaning and laundering services.

Henley Group Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Warner-Lambert Canada Inc., consisting of its IMED Canada
 division of Mississauga, Ont., which distributes electronic intravenous
 pumps and related equipment and supplies for medical use.

Ultramar Canada Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Regal Petroleum Ltd. of Charlottetown, which markets
 petroleum products.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Trigger Dates: A Rundown of Interstate Banking Laws;
From Open Policy in Alaska to Intricate Triggers in New Jersey, States Continue
to Dismantle Barriersto Out-of-State Institutions.

                            April 22, 1986, Tuesday


The following is a listing of important interstate banking laws in effect as of
mid-April. This feature is compiled by Don Munro.

ALASKA: Without restriction, Alaska legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire in-state banks.

ARIZONA: Effective on Oct. 1, 1986, out-of-state banks may acquire in-state
financial institutions. The legislation will allow out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Arizona financial
institutions formed after May 31, 1984, have protection from hostile
out-of-state bidders until they are five years old.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut
only if those states have reciprocal legislation.

DELAWARE: Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies
to establish limited-purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks. The laws
restrict the operations to the credit card and consumer lending business.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact. They are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Passed in
1984, the law stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be at
least two years old. Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state
bank holding companies (NCNB of North Carolina and the Northern Trust Co.,
Chicago) that already have grandfathered operations in the state to make further
in-state acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia
may acquire Georgia banks under the state's 1984 law. The state of the acquiring
bank must have reciprocal legislation. The law also states that the in-state
bank being acquired must be at least five years old.

IDAHO: Financial institutions from six contiguous states (Montana, Nevada,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming) may acquire Idaho institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The 1985 law also stipulates that the in-state institution
must be at least four years old.

ILLINOIS: Effective on July 1, 1986, bank holding companies in the six
contiguous states of Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin
may acquire Illinois banks and bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. A
1984 law states that out-of-state banking organizations may acquire an in-state
bank with liquidity problems. The in-state institution also must have more than
$1 billion in assets. In 1981, Illinois also passed a law that permits the
General Bancshares Corp., St. Louis, a bank with grandfathered holdings in
Illinois under the authority of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, to acquire
additional in-state institutions.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions on a reciprocal
basis. The law, passed in 1985, became effective in January.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota-based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire Iowa banks. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: Bank holding companies from contiguous states may enter Kentucky on a
reciprocal basis. According to the 1984 legislation, the in-state bank must be
at least five years old at the time of acquisition. The state has set a
nationwide reciprocal interstate banking trigger date of July 15, 1986.

MAINE: Bank holding companies from around the nation may acquire in-state banks
under legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office banks in Maryland, according to legislation
passed in 1983. Out-of-state bank holding companies that have owned a
limited-service bank in the state for six months and agree to a certain level of
investments may establish full-service branches. Troubled thrifts also may be
bought by out-of-state bank holding companies. Maryland's interstate banking
laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Delaware, Virginia, West Virginia, and
the District of Columbia. As of July 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama,
Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee will be permitted to enter the state
on a reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state permits bank branching and bank holding company
acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states. The
Massachusetts law was passed in 1982.

MICHIGAN: Bank holding companies in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, and
Indiana may enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under the authority of a law
that took effect in January. After Oct. 10, 1988, banks from anywhere in the
nation may acquire Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas may acquire
Mississippi banks on a reciprocal basis after July 1, 1988. On July 1, 1990,
banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia will also be allowed to enter the state on a
reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Under the 1983 state law, out-of-state bank holding companies located
anywhere in the United States may enter Nebraska only if they limit their
activities to the credit card business in single-office banks. The
Minnesota-based Norwest Corp., a multibank holding company that has
grandfathered operations in Nebraska, is permitted to make additional in-state
acquisitions.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
After July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a
de novo office. On Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal limitations will be dropped.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 21, the state passed a law allowing out-of-state
organizations to buy failed New Mexico financial institutions. It stipulates
that out-of-state bidders may be solicited only if state and federal regulators
are unable to find qualified in-state buyers for a failed institution. The law
carried an emergency clause that made it effective immediately.

NEW JERSEY: On March 28, the state enacted a law giving banks in New Jersey
reciprocity with banks in Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia. Under the law, however, at least three
of the states in the central-Atlantic region covered by the law must have
reciprocal legislation before a compact takes effect.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permits out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere
in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a reciprocal
basis. The North Carolina law was enacted in 1984.

OHIO: In 1985, this state passed a law authorizing the state superintendent of
banks to approve applications by out-of-state bank holding companies to acquire
thrifts that have been placed under state receivership. In addition, only
banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland,
Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Vir ginia, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia may enter Ohio, and only on a
reciprocal basis. They also are limited to no more than 20% ownership of the
state's bank and thrift deposits. After Oct. 16, 1988, banks from any state may
acquire Ohio banks on a reciprocal basis.

OREGON: On July 1, 1986, banking companies in Washington, Oregon, Idaho,
California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, and Alaska will be allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Under a law already
effective, banking companies in those eight states may acquire failing in-state
institutions.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state. After July 1, 1987, banks from any state may acquire Rhode Island
banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks on
a reciprocal basis. The law also states that the bank being acquired must have
existed for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States may
acquire and charter a new single-office bank. However, they must be limited to
insurance operations. They also are permitted to acquire an existing
state-chartered, single-office bank, but they may not maintain other offices.

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state on a
reciprocal basis. No banking company may acquire a bank that has been operating
for less than five years.

UTAH: Out-of-state bank holding companies from 11 states may acquire Utah banks
on a reciprocal basis. The states are Idaho, Montana, Alaska, Wyoming,
Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii.
Reciprocity is not required if out-of-state banking companies wish to acquire
failing institutions. A nationwide trigger date of Dec. 31, 1987, will permit
the acquisition of healthy banks and thrifts by banking companies from anywhere
in the nation.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations
however, must be restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding
companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia,
and the District of Columbia may acquire banks in Virginia on a reciprocal
basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. On July 1, 1987, banking companies will be permitted to acquire
healthy institutions that are at least three years old. No reciprocity is
required.

SECTION: REGIONAL BANKING; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1855 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              111 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 19, 1985 Tuesday

Cabinet allows   29 proposals   for investment

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1023 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - The federal Cabinet has approved 29 foreign investment
 proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The proposals were by:
    Bridge Products Inc. of Northbrook, Ill., to establish a business at
 Mississauga, Ont., to import and distribute air tool accessories, tire
 valves and tire repair material.

Idaho Norland Corp. of Paul, Idaho, to establish a business at
 Burlington, Ont., to manufacture by subcontract industrial snowplows and
 snowblowers.

KSD Systems Ltd. of Britain to establish a business at Toronto to
 import, market and service its computer software.

Menrad Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is equally owned by Imperial
 Optical Co. Ltd. of Toronto and Ferdinand Menrad Brillenfabrick of West
 Germany, to establish a business at Toronto to distribute ophthalmic
 frames and sunglasses.

Microage Computer Stores Inc. of Tempe, Ariz., to establish a business
 at Markham, Ont., to supply microcomputer hardware, software and related
 products to its Canadian franchisees.

Packaging Industries Group Inc. of Hyannis, Mass., to establish a
 business in the Toronto area to manufacture low-density polyethylene foam
 for use in packaging applications as well as in automotive and fitness
 products.

Raymond Solinsky and Michael Solinsky of Port Huron, Mich., to
 establish a business at Sarnia, Ont., to build residential garages, as
 well as to provide home building and renovation services.

Tempel Steel Co. of Niles, Ill., to establish a business in Southern
 Ontario to manufacture magnetic steel laminations for use in transformers
 and electric motors.

United Laboratories Inc. of Addison, Ill., to establish a business at
 Toronto, initially to import and distribute industrial and commercial
 cleaners, water treatment chemicals, lubricants, insecticides, solvent
 degreasers and disinfectants and later to manufacture some residential
 cleaners, polishes and solvents.

Martin Yeatman of Dartmouth, N.S., and Bill Pomfret of Aberdeen,
 Scotland, to establish a business at Dartmouth to provide consulting
 services to the petroleum and heavy industries on safety procedures,
 contingency planning and risk management, as well as to perform safety
 audits for their clients.

Acrofax Inc. of St. Leonard, Que., which is a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Equifax Inc. of Atlanta, to acquire control of the businesses carried
 on by Valley Credits Ltd. of Mission, B.C., Collectrite Services Ltd. and
 Credit Bureau of Edmonton Ltd., Edmonton.

Aurex Inc. of New York, which is ultimately controlled by Marubeni
 Corp. of Japan, to acquire control of the business carried on by Silverado
 Mines Ltd. of Vancouver.

Bedard and Morency Mill Co. of Elgin, Ill., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Fireguard Architectural Door Inc. of Concord, Ont.

Canadian Marconi Co. of Montreal, which is controlled by General
 Electric Co. Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Philips Electronics Ltd., consisting of its Telecommunications division at
 Scarborough, Ont.

Champlin Canada Ltd. of Calgary, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Champlin Petroleum Co. of Fort Worth, Tex., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Paloma Petroleum Ltd. and Dyco Petroleum Corp.,
 consisting of certain working interests in oil and gas properties in the
 Ferrybank, Alta., area.

Dresser Canada Inc. of Mississauga, which is a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Dresser Industries Inc. of Dallas, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Worthington Canada Inc. of Brantford, Ont., and McGraw-
 Edison Ltd., consisting of its Masoneilan division of Burlington.

Drue Co. of St. Joseph., Mo., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Acoustics Development Corp. of Canada, Burlington.
    562515 Ontario Ltd. and 562516 Ontario Ltd. of Downsview, Ont., which
 are owned by Mexican citizens, and Sacaldi Industries and Saed Corp. of
 Downsview, which are owned by U.S. citizens, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Trans-Canada Draperies Inc. of Downsview.

Hercules Canada Inc. of Mississauga, which is a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Hercules Inc. of Wilmington, Del., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Industries PPD Inc., consisting of the Reaction Injected
 Molded Components business of its RIM division of Sherbrooke, Que.

KONE Corp. of Finland to acquire control of the business carried on by
 F.X. Drolet Inc., consisting of its Elevator division of duPont, Que.

Republique Francaise of Paris to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Intsel of Canada Ltd., Mississauga, and Corporation Carbone
 Lorraine of Dorion, Que.

M. Eugene Carlisle Jr. of Murraysville, Pa., and F. Patrick Kozbelt of
 Mount Pleasant to acquire control of the business carried on by Permali
 (Canada) Ltd. of Malton, Ont.

Meryan Canada Inc. of Nestor Falls, Ont., which is wholly owned by two
 U.S. citizens, to acquire control of the business carried on by Edwin
 Harley Davidson and Muriel Davidson, known as Dalseg's Virgin Pine Camps
 of Nestor Falls.

Power Packaging Inc. of West Chicago to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Webpax Inc. of Toronto.

Siemens Electric Ltd. of Pointe Claire, Que., which is ultimately
 controlled by Siemens AG of West Germany, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Siemens Scientific Hearing Aid Co. Ltd. of
 Vancouver.
    3M Canada Inc. of London, Ont., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn., to aqcuire
 control of the business carried on by Mallcom Advertising Ltd. and its
 wholly owned subsidiary 517953 Ontario Ltd. of Toronto.
    266936 B.C. Ltd. of Vancouver, which is wholly owned by Yellow Freight
 System Inc. of Overland Park, Kan., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Custom Couriers Services Ltd. of Vancouver.

Vagle Technology Inc. of St. Paul to acquire control of SCI Coatings
 Ltd. of Cambridge, Ont.

Westinghouse Canada Inc. of Hamilton, which is controlled by
 Westinghouse Electric Corp. of Pittsburgh, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by GPR Industries Ltd., consisting of its Fort
 McMurray branch electric motor repair operation of Fort McMurray, Alta.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                                  May 20, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: Hormel, Lincoln Electric, Pfizer;
Hormel buys Justin's; Lincoln Electric adds Vizient; Pfizer acquires Anacor

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3340  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Anacor                     Pfizer Inc          5,540.8           Pfizer Inc
Pharmaceuticals                                         definitively agreed
Inc                                                          to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                                  of Anacor
                                                       Pharmaceuticals Inc,
                                                          a Palo Alto-based
                                                          biopharmaceutical
                                                             company, via a
                                                            tender offer of
                                                        $99.25 per share or
                                                          a total of $5.541
                                                         billion. The offer
                                                        is conditional upon
                                                        at least a majority
                                                         of Anacor's shares
                                                            being tendered.
Memorial Resource     Range Resources          4,351.0 Range Resources Corp
Development Corp                 Corp                   definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Memorial Resource
                                                        Development Corp, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                        natural gas and oil
                                                          company, from MRD
                                                           Holdco LLC via a
                                                                 stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                            at $4. 351 bil,
                                                              including the
                                                         assumption of $1.1
                                                        bil in liabilities.
                                                        Range offered 0.375
                                                          common shares per
                                                            Memorial share.
                                                           Based on Range's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                        of $42.01 on 13 May
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement,
                                                        each Memorial share
                                                              was valued at
                                                                   $15.754.
LifeStorage LP            Sovran Self          1,300.0  Sovran Self Storage
                          Storage Inc                         Inc agreed to
                                                        acquire LifeStorage
                                                                      LP, a
                                                            Roseville-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                            of self storage
                                                         facilities, for an
                                                             estimated $1.3
                                                           billion in cash.
Terex                  Konecranes Abp          1,277.0    Konecranes Abp of
Corp-Material                                          Finland definitively
Handling & Port                                           agreed to acquire
Solutions Business                                             the material
                                                            handling & port
                                                         solutions business
                                                           of Terex Corp, a
                                                             Westport-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                               construction
                                                          equipment, for an
                                                           estimated $1.277
                                                               billion. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist of $820
                                                        million in cash and
                                                       the issuance of 19.6
                                                                million new
                                                        Konecranes ordinary
                                                           shares valued at
                                                          $456.994 million.
                                                            The shares were
                                                            valued based on
                                                        Konecranes' closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                          $23.316 on 13 May
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
                                                         The transaction is
                                                        contingent upon the
                                                         termination of the
                                                       acquisition of Terex
                                                          by Zoomlion Heavy
                                                         Industry Science &
                                                         Technology Co Ltd.
The Andersons Inc    HC2 Holdings Inc          1,043.5     HC2 Holdings Inc
                                                         plans to launch an
                                                       unsolicited offer to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                       share capital of The
                                                           Andersons Inc, a
                                                               Maumee-based
                                                                diversified
                                                           agribusiness and
                                                        retailing firm, for
                                                        $37 per share, or a
                                                            total of $1.044
                                                                   billion.
inContact Inc        NICE Systems Ltd            887.7  NICE Systems Ltd of
                                                        Israel definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of inContact
                                                         Inc, a Sandy-based
                                                           provider of call
                                                           center solutions
                                                          services, for $14
                                                       per share or a total
                                                        of $887.723 million
                                                                   in cash.
Great Plains           Kubota USA Inc            430.0    Kubota USA Inc, a
Manufacturing Inc                                      unit of Kubota Corp,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                           capital of Great
                                                       Plains Manufacturing
                                                        Inc, a Salina-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                         wholesaler of farm
                                                              machinery and
                                                          equipment, for an
                                                             estimated $430
                                                                   million.
High Ridge Brands  Clayton Dubilier &            415.0   Clayton Dubilier &
Co                           Rice LLC                    Rice LLC agreed to
                                                         acquire High Ridge
                                                               Brands Co, a
                                                             Stamford-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                               shampoos and
                                                       conditioners, for an
                                                             estimated $415
                                                        million in cash via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                           transaction. The
                                                         seller is Brynwood
                                                            Partners VI LP,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                          Brynwood Partners
                                                                        LP.
Market Common          Investor Group            406.0   An investor group,
Clarendon,Arlingto                                             comprised of
n,Virginia                                                        AvalonBay
                                                        Communities Inc and
                                                       Regency Centers Corp
                                                            acquired Market
                                                       Common Clarendon, an
                                                            Arlington-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                         of apartment homes
                                                          and retail space,
                                                           for $406 million
                                                              from Teachers
                                                        Insurance & Annuity
                                                        Association College
                                                        Retirement Equities
                                                                      Fund.
TowerCo                         Grain            244.0 Grain Infrastructure
LLC-Communications     Infrastructure                   Fund II LP acquired
Towers Portfolio           Fund II LP                     the communication
                                                         tower portfolio of
                                                             TowerCo LLC, a
                                                        Cary-based provider
                                                                of wireless
                                                        communication tower
                                                       development, leasing
                                                             and management
                                                         services, for $244
                                                              million via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Herndon Aerospace             KLX Inc            210.0    KLX Inc paid $210
& Defense LLC                                            million to acquire
                                                        Herndon Aerospace &
                                                            Defense LLC, an
                                                             O'Fallon-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         search, detection,
                                                                navigation,
                                                                  guidance,
                                                           aeronautical and
                                                       nautical systems and
                                                               instruments.
Armed Forces          Magellan Health            127.5  Magellan Health Inc
Services Corp                     Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                           capital of Armed
                                                            Forces Services
                                                                   Corp, an
                                                            Arlington-based
                                                       provider and manager
                                                       of behavioral health
                                                              and specialty
                                                           services, for an
                                                           estimated $127.5
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                              consist of an
                                                           estimated $117.5
                                                        million in cash and
                                                       up to $10 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Mblox Inc          CLX Communications            117.0   CLX Communications
                                   AB                          AB of Sweden
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire Mblox
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                               developer of
                                                         cloud-based mobile
                                                        messaging software,
                                                        for $117 million in
                                                                      cash.
WaferGen               Takara Bio USA             50.0       Takara Bio USA
Bio-systems Inc          Holdings Inc                  Holdings Inc, a unit
                                                       of Takara Bio Inc of
                                                           Japan, agreed to
                                                        merge with WaferGen
                                                         Bio-systems Inc, a
                                                              Fremont-based
                                                        biotechnology firm,
                                                       for an estimated $50
                                                           million in cash.
FreedomVoice              GoDaddy Inc             47.0   GoDaddy Inc agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                           FreedomVoice, an
                                                            Encinitas-based
                                                           provider of toll
                                                            free voice mail
                                                          services, for $47
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                             consist of $42
                                                        million in cash and
                                                        up to $5 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Holiday Inn         Holiday Garden WC             33.3       Taiwan's Hotel
Express Walnut                   Corp                        Holiday Garden
Creek                                                    subsidiary Holiday
                                                       Garden WC Corp plans
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                             of Holiday Inn
                                                             Express Walnut
                                                             Creek, a hotel
                                                         operator, from CRP
                                                          BAHP Walnut Creek
                                                              LLC for $33.3
                                                                   million.
WDTV                  Gray Television             26.5  Gray Television Inc
                                  Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                                    WDTV, a
                                                           Bridgeport-based
                                                                 television
                                                          broadcaster, from
                                                       Withers Broadcasting
                                                          Co. Concurrently,
                                                             Gray agreed to
                                                         acquire WVFX. Both
                                                        transactions have a
                                                          combined value of
                                                             $26.5 million.
Advanced Software           Mediagrif             18.5            Mediagrif
Concepts Inc              Interactive                           Interactive
                     Technologies Inc                   Technologies Inc of
                                                        Canada definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          Advanced Software
                                                        Concepts Inc, a New
                                                       York-based developer
                                                                of contract
                                                       lifecycle management
                                                        software, for $18.5
                                                           million in cash.
Nanosphere Inc           Luminex Corp             18.3         Luminex Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Nanosphere Inc, a
                                                           Northbrook-based
                                                              biotechnology
                                                              manufacturing
                                                         company, for $1.35
                                                       per share or a total
                                                         of $18.285 million
                                                             in cash, via a
                                                          tender offer. The
                                                       offer is conditional
                                                             upon atleast a
                                                                majority of
                                                           Nanosphere Inc's
                                                               shares being
                                                                  tendered.
Towne Place at         Lingerfelt Cos             15.6    Lingerfelt Cos, a
Greenbrier                                                  unit of Liberty
                                                            Property Trust,
                                                       acquired Towne Place
                                                           at Greenbrier, a
                                                           Chesapeake-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                        of shopping center,
                                                        for $15.55 million.
United National        State National              7.4       State National
Specialty            Insurance Co Inc                   Insurance Co Inc, a
Insurance Company                                             unit of State
                                                           National Co Inc,
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                            United National
                                                        Specialty Insurance
                                                            Company, a Bala
                                                               Cynwyd-based
                                                          insurance agency,
                                                         from Diamond State
                                                       Group for $7.35 mil.
Shopety Inc           Inteliquent Inc              4.4 Inteliquent Inc paid
                                                            $4.4 million to
                                                       acquire Shopety Inc,
                                                          doing business as
                                                           Better Voice, an
                                                               Austin-based
                                                               developer of
                                                             communications
                                                          software and next
                                                       generation switching
                                                          technologies. The
                                                              consideration
                                                         consisted of $3.65
                                                          million and up to
                                                                  $0.750 in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Holiday Garden WC   Holiday Garden US              2.5        Hotel Holiday
Corp                             Corp                   Garden's subsidiary
                                                          Holiday Garden US
                                                          Corp acquired the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Holiday Garden WC
                                                              Corp, a hotel
                                                         operator, for $2.5
                                                                   million.
CMC Industries Inc    CMC Acquisition              1.5 CMC Acquisition LLC,
                                  LLC                    a unit of Kingsway
                                                                  Financial
                                                         ServicesInc, plans
                                                        to pay $1.5 million
                                                          to acquire an 81%
                                                            interest in CMC
                                                          Industries Inc, a
                                                          Dayton-based real
                                                         estate development
                                                                      firm.
Oliver Street       ABRY Partners LLC                     ABRY Partners LLC
Dermatology                                             plans to acquire an
Holdings LLC                                           undisclosed majority
                                                         interest in Oliver
                                                         Street Dermatology
                                                            Holdings LLC, a
                                                               Boston-based
                                                         physician's office
                                                            operator, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
AC&A LLC                AE Industrial                         AE Industrial
                         Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                       acquired AC&A LLC, a
                                                          Lake Forest-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          power boilers and
                                                       heat exchangers, via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
AdPay Inc                Ancestry.com                  Ancestry.com, a unit
                                                             of Generations
                                                         Network Inc, plans
                                                        to merge with AdPay
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                            Englewood-based
                                                           internet service
                                                                  provider.
Hogan Insurance    Arthur J Gallagher                  Arthur J Gallagher &
Services Inc                     & Co                     Co acquired Hogan
                                                         Insurance Services
                                                            Inc, a Thousand
                                                          Oaks-based direct
                                                               property and
                                                         casualty insurance
                                                                   carrier.
McNeary Inc        Arthur J Gallagher                  Arthur J Gallagher &
                                 & Co                   Co acquired McNeary
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Charlotte-based
                                                          provider of sales
                                                        financing services.
Monsanto Co                  Bayer AG                   Bayer AG of Germany
                                                       plans to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of Monsanto Co, a
                                                            St. Louis-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                               agricultural
                                                           products, via an
                                                         unsolicited offer.
                                                          Originally, Bayer
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of Monsanto.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                              valued at $40
                                                                   billion.
eLynx Ltd                Black Knight                          Black Knight
                   Financial Services                    Financial Services
                                  Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                          Fidelity National
                                                             Financial Inc,
                                                        acquired eLynx Ltd,
                                                         a Cincinnati-based
                                                        software publisher,
                                                              from American
                                                                    Capital
                                                             StrategiesLtd,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                           American Capital
                                                                       Ltd.
Morstan General     Brown & Brown Inc                     Brown & Brown Inc
Agency Inc                                                 plans to acquire
                                                            Morstan General
                                                              Agency Inc, a
                                                            Manhasset-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        wholesale insurance
                                                             services, from
                                                        AmWINS Group Inc, a
                                                       unit of New Mountain
                                                               Capital LLC.
Knetik Inc             Cima Group Inc                        Cima Group Inc
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                             Knetik Inc, an
                                                                  Altamonte
                                                              Springs-based
                                                        software publisher.
Homescout Realty      Coldwell Banker                       Coldwell Banker
                          Residential                           Residential
                        Brokerage LLC                      Brokerage LLC, a
                                                           unit of NRT LLC,
                                                         acquired Homescout
                                                                  Realty, a
                                                       Chicago-based lessor
                                                             of residential
                                                              buildings and
                                                                 dwellings.
BreitBurn Energy            Creditors                      BreitBurn Energy
Partners LP                                              Partners LP, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                         provider of an oil
                                                        and gas exploration
                                                             and production
                                                               services, is
                                                            planning a debt
                                                              restructuring
                                                           transaction with
                                                       creditors. Creditors
                                                       would receive common
                                                         shares in exchange
                                                            for outstanding
                                                                 debt. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                            deal, creditors
                                                              would hold an
                                                       undisclosed interest
                                                        in the restructured
                                                          BreitBurn Energy.
                                                          The book value of
                                                          the existing debt
                                                               that will be
                                                        exchanged stands at
                                                            $2.783 billion.
Family Health Care  DaVita HealthCare                     DaVita HealthCare
Of Central Florida       Partners Inc                          Partners Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Family
                                                             Health Care of
                                                         Central Florida, a
                                                            Kissimmee-based
                                                         provider of health
                                                       care services. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Decisif Consulting DayNine Consulting                    DayNine Consulting
Inc                               Inc                  Inc acquired Decisif
                                                          Consulting Inc, a
                                                            San Ramon-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             consulting and
                                                                outsourcing
                                                        solutions services.
Corporate Health      Digital Benefit                       Digital Benefit
Systems Inc              Advisors Inc                  Advisors Inc, a unit
                                                       of Digital Insurance
                                                              Inc, acquired
                                                           Corporate Health
                                                       Systems Inc, an Eden
                                                              Prairie-based
                                                         physician's office
                                                                  operator.
Whitepath Fab Tech         Electrical                            Electrical
Inc                        Components                  ComponentsInternatio
                    International Inc                    nal Inc, a unit of
                                                       KPS Capital Partners
                                                              LP, agreed to
                                                          acquire Whitepath
                                                           Fab Tech Inc, an
                                                              Ellijay-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          communication and
                                                              energy wires.
WATERSHED          Ellwood Associates                    Ellwood Associates
INVESTMENT                                               planned to acquire
CONSULTANTS INC                                        WATERSHED INVESTMENT
                                                         CONSULTANTS INC, a
                                                                  Greenwood
                                                              Village-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
Social Science            Elsevier BV                        Elsevier BV of
Research Network                                        Netherlands, a unit
                                                           of Reed Elsevier
                                                        Group PLC, acquired
                                                             Social Science
                                                        Research Network, a
                                                             Rocheste-based
                                                         provider of social
                                                          sciences research
                                                            and development
                                                             services, from
                                                             Social Science
                                                                 Electronic
                                                            Publishing Inc.
OVGuide.com Inc            FOTV Media                   FOTV Media Networks
                         Networks Inc                          Inc acquired
                                                        OVGuide. com Inc, a
                                                        Beverly Hills-based
                                                           internet service
                                                                  provider.
Whiteford Pharmacy       Generational                           AUSTRALIA -
Inc                        Equity LLC                    Whiteford Pharmacy
                                                              Inc of the US
                                                        acquired Darlington
                                                                Pharmacy, a
                                                           Darlington-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                               preparation.
Accruent LLC          Genstar Capital                   Genstar Capital LLC
                                  LLC                     acquired Accruent
                                                       LLC, an Austin-based
                                                        software publisher,
                                                         from TA Associates
                                                        Management LP via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
The Safety Zone      Genuine Parts Co                      Genuine Parts Co
LLC                                                    plans to acquire The
                                                         Safety Zone LLC, a
                                                             Guilford-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       biological products.
Langley Wire Cloth Gerard Daniel & Co                    Gerard Daniel & Co
Products Inc                                               acquired Langley
                                                        Wire Cloth Products
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                         Collierville-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         semiconductors and
                                                            related device.
Blast-Off Brands      Gordon Brothers                       Gordon Brothers
                            Group LLC                    Group LLC acquired
                                                        Blast-Off Brands, a
                                                          Los Angeles-based
                                                        advertising agency.
WVFX                  Gray Television                   Gray Television Inc
                                  Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                                    WVFX, a
                                                           Bridgeport-based
                                                                 television
                                                          broadcaster, from
                                                       Withers Broadcasting
                                                          Co. Concurrently,
                                                             Gray agreed to
                                                         acquire WDTV. Both
                                                        transactions have a
                                                          combined value of
                                                             $26.5 million.
Day Boat Seafood   Green Polkadot Box                    Green Polkadot Box
LLC                               Inc                  Inc plans to acquire
                                                           Day Boat Seafood
                                                                LLC, a Lake
                                                                 Park-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          seafood caught in
                                                                  the wild.
Lattice Strategies     Hartford Funds                     Hartford Funds, a
LLC                                                        unit of Hartford
                                                         Life Inc (Hartford
                                                         Financial Services
                                                           Group), plans to
                                                            acquire Lattice
                                                          Strategies LLC, a
                                                        San Francisco-based
                                                            insurance fund.
Creekridge Capital    Hitachi Capital                       Hitachi Capital
LLC                      America Corp                  America Corp, a unit
                                                         of Hitachi Capital
                                                             Corp, plans to
                                                         acquire Creekridge
                                                            Capital LLC, an
                                                       Edina-based provider
                                                               of financial
                                                       investment services.
Berkshire Hathaway    HomeServices of                       HomeServices of
HomeServices Inc          America Inc                   America Inc, a unit
                                                               of Berkshire
                                                              Hathaway Inc,
                                                         acquired Berkshire
                                                                   Hathaway
                                                        HomeServices Inc, a
                                                         Houston-based real
                                                        estate agency, from
                                                        HSF Affiliates LLC,
                                                           jointly owned by
                                                           Brookfield Asset
                                                         Management Inc and
                                                         Berkshire Hathaway
                                                        Inc. Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Justins LLC         Hormel Foods Corp                     Hormel Foods Corp
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                             Justins LLC, a
                                                              Boulder-based
                                                               producer and
                                                          wholesaler of nut
                                                       butter-based snacks.
Pacific Handy          Investor Group                    An investor group,
Cutter Inc                                              comprised of Levine
                                                          Leichtman Capital
                                                           Partners and the
                                                              management of
                                                       Pacific Handy Cutter
                                                        Inc (PHC), acquired
                                                       PHC, an Irvine-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                        specialized cutting
                                                                  tools and
                                                        replacement blades,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Planet Logic             ITelagen LLC                    ITelagen LLC plans
                                                          to acquire Planet
                                                          Logic, a software
                                                                 publisher.
Copain Wines           Jackson Family                  Jackson Family Wines
                            Wines Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                            Kendall-Jackson
                                                            Wines, plans to
                                                             acquire Copain
                                                                   Wines, a
                                                           Healdsburg-based
                                                        alcoholic beverages
                                                       merchant wholesaler.
Harry K Moore Co   Jones Lang LaSalle                    Jones Lang LaSalle
                                  Inc                  Inc acquired Harry K
                                                                Moore Co, a
                                                           Louisville-based
                                                        real estate agency.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Batteryfly Energy      Life Clips Inc                  Life Clips Inc plans
Ltd                                                              to acquire
                                                          Batteryfly Energy
                                                        Ltd, a manufacturer
                                                                 of storage
                                                                 batteries.
Vizient LLC          Lincoln Electric                      Lincoln Electric
                         Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                           acquired Vizient
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                           Bettendorf-based
                                                        provider of robotic
                                                                 integrated
                                                           solutions. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Outland               Lockton Cos LLC                       Lockton Cos LLC
Consultants LLC                                            acquired Outland
                                                         Consultants LLC, a
                                                          Glastonbury-based
                                                       provider of employee
                                                         benefit assessment
                                                             and management
                                                       consulting services.
Datalytics         Magnitude Software                    Magnitude Software
Technologies Llc                                        acquired Datalytics
                                                        Technologies Llc, a
                                                            Cheshirep-based
                                                        software publisher.
ColSpace Corp          MediaOcean LLC                        MediaOcean LLC
                                                          acquired ColSpace
                                                           Corp, a software
                                                                 publisher.
Dulce Vida Spirits   Milestone Brands                  Milestone Brands LLC
                                  LLC                   acquired Dulce Vida
                                                                Spirits, an
                                                       Austin-based winery.
The Market at              New Market                            New Market
Victory                Properties LLC                     Properties LLC, a
Village,Murfreesbo                                        unit of Preferred
ro,Tennessee                                                      Apartment
                                                           Communities Inc,
                                                        acquired The Market
                                                        at Victory Village,
                                                       a Murfreesboro-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                                       of a
                                                           grocery-anchored
                                                            retail shopping
                                                                    center.
Nashua Anesthesia      North American                        North American
Partners Group            Partners in                           Partners in
                       Anesthesia LLP                        Anesthesia LLP
                                                            acquired Nashua
                                                        Anesthesia Partners
                                                                   Group, a
                                                               Nashua-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          ambulatory health
                                                             care services.
Reach Technology          Novanta Inc                    Novanta Inc agreed
Inc                                                        to acquire Reach
                                                          Technology Inc, a
                                                              Fremont-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                               touch screen
                                                                  displays.
Dade Moeller &         NV5 Global Inc                        NV5 Global Inc
Associates Inc                                          definitively agreed
                                                            to acquire Dade
                                                       Moeller & Associates
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                             Richland-based
                                                                 government
                                                             administration
                                                          establishment for
                                                              air and water
                                                         resource and solid
                                                          waste management.
LogicMark Llc              NXT-ID Inc                  NXT-ID Inc agreed to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           LogicMark Llc, a
                                                           Louisville-based
                                                         physician's office
                                                                  operator.
Apache Corp                Occidental                  Occidental Petroleum
                       Petroleum Corp                    Corp is rumored to
                                                             be planning to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                             Apache Corp, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                         natural gas. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                        matter, the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                              valued at $25
                                                                   billion.
Rabin Martin        Omnicom Group Inc                     Omnicom Group Inc
                                                             acquired Rabin
                                                              Martin, a New
                                                        York-based provider
                                                               of marketing
                                                       consulting services.
AssetEye Inc             RealPage Inc                          RealPage Inc
                                                          acquired AssetEye
                                                         Inc, a provider of
                                                            custom computer
                                                                programming
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                             valued at $4.8
                                                                   million.
Cambridge                Rexnord Corp                  Rexnord Corp, a unit
International                                              of Apollo Global
Holdings Corp                                               Management LLC,
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                                  Cambridge
                                                              International
                                                       Holdings Corp, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                           investment bank.
John C Nordt Co    Richline Group Inc                   Richline Group Inc,
                                                        a unit of Berkshire
                                                        Hathaway Inc, plans
                                                          to acquire John C
                                                                Nordt Co, a
                                                              Roanoke-based
                                                             jewelry maker.
Brookfield              Schroders PLC                  Schroders PLC of the
Investment                                              UK plans to acquire
Management                                                  the securitized
Inc-Securitized                                          credit business of
Credit Business                                                  Brookfield
                                                                 Investment
                                                          Management Inc, a
                                                             New York-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        financial services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
MutualMind Inc        Shapiro Raj LLC                       Shapiro Raj LLC
                                                        acquired MutualMind
                                                         Inc, a Plano-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       advertising material
                                                               distribution
                                                                  services.
RockPile Energy          Shareholders                    Triangle Petroleum
Services LLC                                             Corp plans to spin
                                                        off RockPile Energy
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                               Denver-based
                                                        provider of oil and
                                                               gas drilling
                                                           services, to its
                                                              shareholders.
Bengal Pipeline Co    Shell Midstream                       Shell Midstream
LLC                       Partners LP                   Partners LP, a unit
                                                       of Shell Pipeline Co
                                                        LP, agreed to raise
                                                         its stake from 49%
                                                           to 50% in Bengal
                                                        Pipeline Co LLC, an
                                                           Alpharetta-based
                                                       provider of pipeline
                                                             transportation
                                                          services of crude
                                                         oil. Concurrently,
                                                            Shell Midstream
                                                        agreed to raise its
                                                        stake from 62.5% to
                                                            92.5% in Zydeco
                                                           Pipeline Co LLC.
                                                          Both transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                              value of $700
                                                                   million.
Citizens National       Simmons First                         Simmons First
Bancorp Inc             National Corp                      National Corp in
                                                       Pine Bluff, Arkansas
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                          Citizens National
                                                             Bancorp Inc, a
                                                               Putnam-based
                                                           commercial bank,
                                                       from ESB Bancorp Inc
                                                            in Easthampton,
                                                       Massachusetts. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                        matter, the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                              valued at $77
                                                                   million.
VerbalizeIt             Smartling Inc                         Smartling Inc
                                                               acquired New
                                                                 York-based
                                                             VerbalizeIt, a
                                                          provider of human
                                                        powered translation
                                                                  services.
Technology               Soaring Pine                  Soaring Pine Capital
Solutions Group        Capital Growth                         Growth Fund I
Inc                            Fund I                   acquired Technology
                                                       Solutions Group Inc,
                                                            a Chicago-based
                                                       provider of employee
                                                          leasing services.
Strong Tower       Squan Construction                    Squan Construction
Communication LLC        Services LLC                          Services LLC
                                                            acquired Strong
                                                        Tower Communication
                                                                    LLC, an
                                                              Acworth-based
                                                                   wireless
                                                         telecommunications
                                                                   carrier.
Microgrid           The International                     The International
Resources             District Energy                       District Energy
Coalition                 Association                  Association acquired
                                                        Microgrid Resources
                                                               Coalition, a
                                                                 government
                                                             administration
                                                         establishment that
                                                        provides power when
                                                       the grid is down and
                                                        energy savings when
                                                                the grid is
                                                                 operating.
Follett Corp        The Middleby Corp                     The Middleby Corp
                                                           acquired Follett
                                                                   Corp, an
                                                               Easton-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                  household
                                                             refrigerators.
Caba Inc            The Plexus Groupe                     The Plexus Groupe
                                  LLC                     LLC acquired Caba
                                                           Inc, an Oklahoma
                                                        City-based provider
                                                         of human resources
                                                       consulting services.
TruCom LLC            TPT Global Tech                       TPT Global Tech
                                                       acquired TruCom LLC,
                                                            a Gilbert-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        fiber optic cables.
Lagniappe Pharmacy   Transaction Data                      Transaction Data
Services LLC              Systems Inc                  Systems Inc acquired
                                                         Lagniappe Pharmacy
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                        software publisher.
Prosperent Inc            VigLink Inc                  VigLink Inc acquired
                                                          Prosperent Inc, a
                                                               Denver-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       marketing consulting
                                                                  services.
US M&A Deals
Announced May 13
to May 19, 2016
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 31, 1996, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

NATIONSBANK MERGER;
Analysts agree: It's McColl's bank

BYLINE: Mickey Higginbotham; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 04D

LENGTH: 476 words


Some industry observers say Andrew B. Craig III, the boss at Boatmen's
Bancshares Inc., will be chairman of NationsBank Corp. in name only, and that
Hugh L. McColl Jr., who built the multistate empire, will continue to run the
show.

But McColl, 61, said Friday that Craig, 65, will be a valuable asset as
NationsBank expands into middle America and the West. Once the merger is
completed, more than one-third of NationsBank's business will take place west of
the Mississippi River, McColl said.

"This is a huge company," McColl said Friday as he and Craig appeared at a news
conference. "We are located all across the country. I suspect the two of us will
have plenty to do."

McColl, a former Marine with a tough-as-nails reputation, has cobbled together
more than 50 acquisitions in the past 13 years in his unabashed quest to build
the nation's largest bank.

Before the Boatmen's buy was announced Friday, NationsBank's largest recent
acquisition was that of Atlanta's Bank South, a $ 1.6 billion deal struck a year
ago next week. In that case, Bank South management wasn't left intact, and
analysts expect that will be the ultimate result with Boatmen's as well.

"Frankly, Hugh is still a de facto chairman," said Christopher Marinac, an
analyst with the Interstate/Johnson Lane brokerage in Atlanta. "There is no
question that he will remain the driving force of this company. This is very,
very much Hugh McColl's bank."

Others agreed.

"In these types of transactions, you need to pay a good price to stockholders
and you also need to make sure that you take care of the management," said
Joseph Stieven, an analyst who follows Boatmen's for Stifel, Nicholas & Co. in
St. Louis.

Craig's appointment as NationsBank chairman was "what it took to get the deal
done ---there's no question in my mind," said Merrill H. Ross, an analyst with
Wheat First Butcher Singer in Richmond. "I don't believe Craig's role will be
anything more than titular. I give it a year, tops."

Ross noted what happened in 1991, when C&S/Sovran of Atlanta merged with NCNB of
North Carolina to create NationsBank. Bennett A. Brown, who had guided C&S since
1978, was appointed NationsBank's chairman but stayed in the job only 17 months
before retiring.

"There's been strong precedent," Ross said.

McColl, who has been called "the Sam Walton of banking," received $ 3.5 million
in salary and bonus last year. In 1994, his total compensation was $ 13.7
million, including a $ 10.7 million restricted stock award granted for
shepherding through Congress legislation to allow interstate banking.

That bill, which goes into effect next year, paves the way for the type of
"borderless banking" that McColl said the NationsBank-Boatmen's merger will
bring about.

McColl said Friday that NationsBank isn't eyeing any more acquisitions soon.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Hugh L. McColl Jr. of NationsBank and Andrew B. Craig III of
 Boatmen's Bank announce the merger of the two banks Friday in St. Louis.
 / LEON ALGEE / Associated Press
 Chart: Growth through acquisitions
 NationsBank's planned purchase of Boatmen's Bancshares Inc. caps an
 almost 40-year acquisition spree. Here are some of the most important
 acquisitions and mergers in NationsBank's 122-year history.
 1874 - Commercial National Bank founded in Charlotte.
 1957 - Merges with American Trust Co. to become American Commercial Bank.
 1960 - Merges with Security National Bank to form North Carolina National
 Bank Corp.
 1967 - Acquires Commercial and Industrial Bank.
 1982 - Acquires First National Bank of Lake City, Fla., becoming first
 non-Florida bank to expand retail banking into the state.
 1988 - Acquires First Republic Bank Corp. units and First American Bank &
 Trust.
 1991 - Acquires C&S/Sovran Corp. for $ 4.26 billion to make it the fourth-
 largest U.S. bank. Renamed NationsBank Corp.
 1993 - Acquires Chicago Research and Trading Group Ltd. as it
 diversifies. Also acquires U.S. West Financial Services Inc.
 1995 - Acquires KeyCorp Mortgage Inc.; buys Intercontinental Bank,
 boosting its business in South Florida; acquires CSF Holdings Inc.,
 parent of Miami-based Citizens Federal Bank
 January 1996 - Acquires Atlanta-based Bank South Corp. for $ 1.6 billion,
 making it the dominant bank in metro Atlanta; acquires Chase Federal Bank
 for $ 280 million, boosting its presence in Florida; buys Sun World
 Savings Bank. Friday - Announces plans to acquire Boatmen's Bancshares
 Inc. in an $ 8.7 billion cash and stokc deal.
 Source: Bloomberg Business News

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              114 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                January 23, 2012

Largest Indianapolis-Area 2011 Mergers and Acquisitions

LENGTH: 431 words


Largest Indianapolis-Area 2011 Mergers and Acquisitions (Ranked by transaction
value)

ADVISERS TO BUYER: ADVISERS TO SELLER: ACCOUNTING ACCOUNTING RANK
MERGER/ACQUISITION (1) TRANSACTION VALUE CONSIDERATION INVESTMENT LEGAL BANKING
INVESTMENT LEGAL BANKING EFFECTIVE

1 WellPoint Inc. acquires CareMore Health Group $800.0 million DND DND DND DND
DND August DND DND

2 Teradata acquires Aprimo $525.0 million cash DND DND DND DND January DND DND

3 Uni-Select Inc. acquires Finishmaster $217.0 million DND DND DND Barnes & DND
Thornburg LLP January DND DND

4 Adesa Inc. acquires Openlane $210.0 million DND DND DND DND DND August DND DND

5 FM Merlin 101 Media .1, Chicago LLC acquires ; WRXP- WLUP FM 101 -FM .9, 97
New .9, York Chicago (2) ; WKQX- $170.0 million $130 balance million in in stock
cash, DND DND Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton DND & Garrison LLP, and Wiley September
DND Rein LLP Moelis & Co. 6 Audiovox Corp. acquires Klipsch $166.0 million DND
DND DND Barnes & DND Thornburg LLP March DND Houilhan Lokey

7 Inc MVG . Acquisition Corp. acquires Exhaust Business of Cummins $123.0
million cash Reed DND Smith LLP Taft Stettinius DND & Hollister LLP April DND
Lincoln International LLP

8 Cummins IOP Filter Inc Inc . . acquires Light Duty Filtration Business of
$91.5 million cash Winston & DND Strawn LLP Taft Stettinius DND & Hollister LLP
October DND Lincoln International LLP

9 Finish Line Inc. acquires Princeton Running Co. $8.5 million DND Barnes & DND
Thornburg LLP DND DND September DND DND

10 Buchanan Group Services LLC acquires Fewell Enterprises Inc. $3.5 million
cash Riley Bennett DND & Egloff LLP DND DND October Merchants Bank of Indiana
DND

11 Avram Worldwide LLC acquires Hurricane Express LLC $1.7 million cash, stock
Scopelitis Garvin Katz Sapper Light Hanson Miller and Feary DND DND October
First Merchants Bank DND

12 RCI Holdings Inc. acquires Gold Club of Indy LLC $1.7 million cash DND DND
DND DND April DND DND

Some companies may have been omitted due to lack of information or deadline
restrictions. Research by Barbara Hoffman The Indianapolis Business Journal list
of Largest Indianapolis- E (current -mail: bhoffmanas of Jan @. 3 ibj, 2012
.com) (1) local companies in bold LLC DND = = limited did not liability disclose
company available Area 2011 . For Mergers copies and of this Acquisitions list,
go to is wwwthe .IBJmost .comcomprehensive and click on Top Information 25 lists
from are compiled the companies each December and staff research in the Book .
of Lists. (2) sold by Emmis Communications Corp. LLP=limited liability
partnership the "lists" link.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Thrifts Interstate Powers

                           October 5, 1988, Wednesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.  ALASKA: In 1982, the
state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along with legislation
permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity is not required.


ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is
permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1990, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1990. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Savings and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. The legislation took effect July 1, 1987. Full reciprocal
interstate powers for thrifts go into effect Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616 SF203 (effective April 24, 1988)
add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and
Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states for banks, and MSA 51.058 allows
interstate branching for savings associations in the same states permitted to
banks.

MISSISSIPPI: Since 1982, thrifts from any state have been allowed to acquire
Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opens New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis.
Under the second phase, thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia
will be eligible to acquire New Jersey thrifts on a reciprocal basis . However,
the banking commissioner must first review the interstate law from the home
state of the applicant to determine whether it meets New Jersey's requirements
for reciprocity. Full nationwide privileges will take effect when New Jersey
authorities determine that 13 states have such a law on their books and 4 of
those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. After Jan. 1, 1989,
nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts go into effect. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de novo institutions in the state.


NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: An October 1985 law allows thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia to acquire Ohio
thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers go into
effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under a 1983 law, savings and loans from any New England state may
acquire Rhode Island thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal
powers took effect July 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 2514 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              116 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 7, 1985 Tuesday

29 foreign plans approved   by Cabinet after FIRA review

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 799 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - The federal Cabinet has approved 29 foreign investment
 proposals after review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The proposals were by:
    Branham Industries Inc. of Conroe, Tex., to establish a business in
 Edmonton to manufacture drill rig masts, derricks, substructures and
 associated equipment for use by the oil and gas industry.

Costco Wholesale Corp. of Seattle to establish a business in the
 Vancouver area to wholesale and distribute products to member businesses
 and groups.

Fugitsu Ltd. of Japan to establish a business in Toronto to import,
 distribute and service computer peripherals, point-of- sale terminals and
 automatic teller machines.

Henco Software Inc. of Waltham, Mass., to establish a business in
 Toronto to import and market its proprietary computer software.

Johanna Ho of Pembroke, Ont., a citizen of Hong Kong, to establish a
 business in Pembroke to sell Chinese arts, crafts and giftware items.

Klintens AB of Sweden and MacDonald and White Varnish and Paint Co.
 Ltd., Windsor, Ont., to establish a business in Windsor to manufacture and
 distribute wood lacquers and stains.

KT Services Inc. of Spokane, Wash., to establish a business in Toronto
 to sell and service computer peripheral equipment.

Kumagai Gumi Co. Ltd. of Japan to establish a business in Vancouver to
 operate a construction company.

Laskowski Enterprises Inc. of Indianapolis to establish a business in
 the Windsor-Essex, Ont., area to assemble and market portable sawmills and
 other wood products equipment.

Ursula Luecker of Ottawa, a citizen of West Germany, and Willi Kauhsen
 of Ottawa to establish a business in Ottawa to operate a cafe.

Racal International Ltd. of Britain to establish a business in Calgary
 to provide air, land and marine surveys to a variety of industries.

Todd and Sargent Inc. of Ames, Iowa, to establish a business in
 Winnipeg to provide engineering and construction services for grain
 handling, feed manufacturing and grain processing facilities.

Valmet Automation Inc. of Redmond, Wash., to establish a business in
 Pointe-Claire, Que., to engineer, sell and service automated process
 control systems for the pulp and paper industry.

AMF Inc. of White Plains, N.Y., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Supelco Canada Ltd. of Oakville, Ont.

Amicor Acquisition "A" Corp. of Clifton, N.J., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Keystone Camera Corp. of Canada Ltd., Toronto.

Dover Corp. (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Dover Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Arbell Inc. of Burlington, Ont.

Harvey Hubbell Inc. of Orange, Conn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Killark Electric Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont.

Kaufman and Broad Inc. of Los Angeles to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Famous Players Development Corp. Ltd., Famous
 Players Realty Investments Ltd. and Westdev Development Corp., all of
 Toronto.
    140198 Canada Inc. of Ottawa, wholly owned by a resident of Hong Kong,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Barclay F. Johnston
 Enterprises Ltd. consisting of its After Harvest furniture manufacturing
 division in Richmond, Ont.
    138363 Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of A-C
 Compressor Corp. of West Allis, Wis., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Allis- Chalmers Canada Inc. consisting of its Compressor
 division in Lachine, Que.
    138371 Canada Inc. of Montreal, a wholly owned subsidiary of HMK
 Industries Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Peeters Carpets Ltd. of Granby, Que.

PACE Industries Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Drummond Business Forms Ltd. of Boucherville, Que.

PACE Industries Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Rheem Canada Inc. of Hamilton.

QMS Inc. of Mobile, Ala., to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Watson Computer Products Inc. of Vancouver.

Standard Telephones and Cables PLC of Britiain to acquire control of
 the business carried on by ICL Computers Canada Ltd. of Toronto.

Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Co. Ltd. of Toronto, wholly owned by
 Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Co. Inc. of Montvale, N.J., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Dominion Stores Ltd. of Toronto.

Wera Werk Hermann Werner GmbH and Co. of West Germany to acquire
 control of the business carried on by 588700 Ontario Ltd. of Mississauga.

William E. Coutts Co. Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Hallmark Cards
 Inc. of Kansas City, Mo., to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Holder's Gift Shops Ltd. of St. John's, which owns and operates Bowrings
 gift shops.

Xtek Holdings Inc. of Morristown, N.J., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Xtek Canada Ltd. of Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            June 18, 1975, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 17, Column 1

LENGTH: 184 words

Canadian govt approves proposals by GB's Marks & Spencer unit Marks & Spencer
(Nederland) BV to acquire Peoples Dept Stores, by Phillips Petroleum unit
Pacific Petroleums to buy some properties in Alberta oil field from Sundance Oil
unit Sundance Oil Canada, by Amax Inc unit Climax Molybdenum to acquire some
Brit Columbian mineral claims from United Chieftain Resources and by Congdon &
Carey to acquire control of some mining claims from Hallmark Resources.
Approves proposals by Easton Holdings to acquire Crownco Holdings, jointly owned
by Crown Trust and Home Oil, by Internatl Paper unit Gen Crude Oil Co Northern
to acquire control of some Alberta oil interests from Canadian Hunter
Exploration and from Canadian Hidrogas Resources, by Loews Corp to acquire CNA
Financial units CNA Assurance and Canadian Premier Life Ins, by GB's Phoenix
Assurance to acquire Century Ins Co of Canada, by Amer Brands unit Marvel
Lighting to acquire Commercial Lighting Products.  Disallows proposals by Meyer
Labs of Mich to acquire Cantol Ltd unit Neo Drug Co and Syntex Ltd to acquire
Mowatt & Moore (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

TYPE: 457-4

              Copyright 1975 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              118 of 995 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2010 Global Markets Direct, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      Global Markets Direct - Investments

                                 March 22, 2010

                        Shanghai Bailian Group Co., Ltd.

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Lianhua to acquire Hualian Supermarket from Shanghai Bailian for $72 million

   Date: Jun 28, 2009

   Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd., a China based retail chain operator,
to acquire 100% of Hualian Supermarket Co., Ltd., a China based supermarket
operator, from Shanghai Bailian Group Co., Ltd., a China based operator of
department stores and supermarkets, for a cash consideration of approximately
CNY491.8 million ($72.06 million). After the acquisition, Hualian Supermarket
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lianhua Supermarket.

Under the agreement, Lianhua Supermarket along with its subsidiaries will
acquire 99.4% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Group for
CNY488.31 million ($71.54) and its subsidiary Lianhua Supermarket Development
will acquire a 0.6% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Real
Estate, a subsidiary of Bailian Group, for CNY2.95 million ($0.43 million).

The acquisition will add 1,396 retail outlets to the Lianhua Supermarket
network, for a combined total of 5,268 outlets.

Lianhua Supermarket expects its franchise business to be improved significantly
and also expand its economies of scale as a result of this acquisition.


Shanghai Bailian Group acquires Lianhua Supermarket Holdings from Shanghai
Industrial Investment

   Date: Jan 22, 2009

   Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd., a China based retail chain operator,
to acquire 100% of Hualian Supermarket Co., Ltd., a China based supermarket
operator, from Shanghai Bailian Group Co., Ltd., a China based operator of
department stores and supermarkets, for a cash consideration of approximately
CNY491.8 million ($72.06 million). After the acquisition, Hualian Supermarket
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lianhua Supermarket.

Under the agreement, Lianhua Supermarket along with its subsidiaries will
acquire 99.4% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Group for
CNY488.31 million ($71.54) and its subsidiary Lianhua Supermarket Development
will acquire a 0.6% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Real
Estate, a subsidiary of Bailian Group, for CNY2.95 million ($0.43 million).

The acquisition will add 1,396 retail outlets to the Lianhua Supermarket
network, for a combined total of 5,268 outlets.

Lianhua Supermarket expects its franchise business to be improved significantly
and also expand its economies of scale as a result of this acquisition.


Shanghai Bailian acquires majority stake in Bailian Zhonghuan Shopping Center

   Date: Mar 22, 2007

   Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd., a China based retail chain operator,
to acquire 100% of Hualian Supermarket Co., Ltd., a China based supermarket
operator, from Shanghai Bailian Group Co., Ltd., a China based operator of
department stores and supermarkets, for a cash consideration of approximately
CNY491.8 million ($72.06 million). After the acquisition, Hualian Supermarket
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lianhua Supermarket.

Under the agreement, Lianhua Supermarket along with its subsidiaries will
acquire 99.4% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Group for
CNY488.31 million ($71.54) and its subsidiary Lianhua Supermarket Development
will acquire a 0.6% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Real
Estate, a subsidiary of Bailian Group, for CNY2.95 million ($0.43 million).

The acquisition will add 1,396 retail outlets to the Lianhua Supermarket
network, for a combined total of 5,268 outlets.

Lianhua Supermarket expects its franchise business to be improved significantly
and also expand its economies of scale as a result of this acquisition.


Shanghai Bailian acquires minority stake in Bailian Group

   Date: Mar 22, 2007

   Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd., a China based retail chain operator,
to acquire 100% of Hualian Supermarket Co., Ltd., a China based supermarket
operator, from Shanghai Bailian Group Co., Ltd., a China based operator of
department stores and supermarkets, for a cash consideration of approximately
CNY491.8 million ($72.06 million). After the acquisition, Hualian Supermarket
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Lianhua Supermarket.

Under the agreement, Lianhua Supermarket along with its subsidiaries will
acquire 99.4% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Group for
CNY488.31 million ($71.54) and its subsidiary Lianhua Supermarket Development
will acquire a 0.6% equity interest in Hualian Supermarket from Bailian Real
Estate, a subsidiary of Bailian Group, for CNY2.95 million ($0.43 million).

The acquisition will add 1,396 retail outlets to the Lianhua Supermarket
network, for a combined total of 5,268 outlets.

Lianhua Supermarket expects its franchise business to be improved significantly
and also expand its economies of scale as a result of this acquisition.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Financial Ratios                        Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010


                              119 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2010 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 April 16, 2010

                              ARAMARK Corporation

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


ARAMARK Corporation to acquire Property Management and Facilities Management
Business of Veris

   Date: Oct 01, 2009

   ARAMARK Corporation, a professional service and facilities management
company, announced to acquire the property management and facilities management
business of Veris PLC, a provider of facility management and property
management. The purchase consideration for the acquisition is EUR50.8 million to
be paid in cash. ARAMARK Corporation will acquire the divisions through Aramark
Ireland Limited and Aramark Investment Limited.


ARAMARK acquires Togwotee Mountain Lodge

   Date: May 29, 2008

   ARAMARK Corporation, a professional service and facilities management
company, announced to acquire the property management and facilities management
business of Veris PLC, a provider of facility management and property
management. The purchase consideration for the acquisition is EUR50.8 million to
be paid in cash. ARAMARK Corporation will acquire the divisions through Aramark
Ireland Limited and Aramark Investment Limited.


ARAMARK acquires Patman Group

   Date: Feb 14, 2008

   ARAMARK Corporation, a professional service and facilities management
company, announced to acquire the property management and facilities management
business of Veris PLC, a provider of facility management and property
management. The purchase consideration for the acquisition is EUR50.8 million to
be paid in cash. ARAMARK Corporation will acquire the divisions through Aramark
Ireland Limited and Aramark Investment Limited.


ARAMARK announces Debt Offering of $250 million

   Date: May 24, 2005

   ARAMARK Corporation, a professional service and facilities management
company, announced to acquire the property management and facilities management
business of Veris PLC, a provider of facility management and property
management. The purchase consideration for the acquisition is EUR50.8 million to
be paid in cash. ARAMARK Corporation will acquire the divisions through Aramark
Ireland Limited and Aramark Investment Limited.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Events
History                                 Investments
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2010


                              120 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Savings and Loans;
In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

                           November 22, 1988, Tuesday


ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is
permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1990, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1990. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Savings and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. The legislation took effect July 1, 1987. Full reciprocal
interstate powers for thrifts go into effect Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616 SF203 (effective April 24, 1988)
add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and
Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states for banks, and MSA 51.058 allows
interstate branching for savings associations in the same states permitted to
banks.

MISSISSIPPI: Since 1982, thrifts from any state have been allowed to acquire
Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. After Jan. 1, 1989,
nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts go into effect. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de novo institutions in the state.


NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: An October 1985 law allows thrifts from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia to acquire Ohio
thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers go into
effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under a 1983 law, savings and loans from any New England state may
acquire Rhode Island thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal
powers took effect July 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 2541 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              121 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Acquire casts 'dark shadow' over clients

BYLINE: Michael Bachelard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1060 words


Vocational education company sells unrealistic hopes and large debts to the
vulnerable, writes Michael Bachelard.

"You can hear it in how these clients talk," says a former call-centre worker.
"They are desperate for employment, for some sort of change in their life.
They'll do anything. And then this call comes through and they'll take it
without question."

But for most of the jobseekers contacted by Acquire Learning's telemarketers,
it's their unlucky day. What they are being sold are unrealistic hopes and a
great big debt.

Acquire Learning is the poster child for everything that ails Australia's
vocational training industry. A huge private company that does not educate
anybody, but harvests the names of unsuccessful job seekers from sites such as
CareerOne, then cold-calls them to sell expensive, online diplomas.

Those who say "yes" are passed on to a variety of registered training
organisations in return for a hefty commission to Acquire.

Ultimately, a tiny proportion of those people, perhaps 5 per cent, will ever
complete their diploma. All, though, are put into debt to the federal government
for between $19,000 and $52,000 under the VET FEE-HELP loan scheme.

On Thursday, the Australian Consumer and Competition Commission took action,
alleging behaviour by Acquire so "egregious" that its subsequent efforts to
improve were insufficient to avoid accusations in the Federal Court of false,
misleading and unconscionable conduct.

Acquire Learning, whose figurehead and executive chairman is former AFL boss
Andrew Demetriou, is the peculiar creation of a privatised vocational education
system, which in the past 12 months has generated perhaps $4 billion in costs to
the Federal government, very few actual graduates, and enormous controversy.

Former ACCC chief Graeme Samuel says this huge waste of government money is the
"inevitable consequence" of governments funding the private sector to deliver a
public good. From the home insulation debacle to export market development
grants, film industry tax incentives, health and education subsidies, Mr Samuel
says the same thing has been happening "as long as I've been alive".

"Business is much, much smarter than governments, and business knows how to
exploit and you can't deal with that using people sitting in Canberra or Spring
Street," he says. "The rogues - and they'll be there in any industry - they say
with glee, all the way to the bank, 'Come in spinner'!"

At Acquire Learning's call centres, former staff speaking anonymously because of
the confidentiality agreements in their contracts, have described an environment
in which "fun and laughter" was one of the four "values," and it was possible,
just, to convince yourself you were doing a good thing for your clients.

At its heart, though, it was a high pressure sales operation conducted in a
moral grey zone.

"There's a real confusion about whether the course you are selling is linked to
the job [the client] applied for," one former staffer said. "There's a really
vague, ambiguous space where . . . they don't quite know whether they've signed
up for a course or not, or if they'll get the job when they finish."

The fact is, the job and the course bear no relationship to one another. But
that's not how the courses are sold. The ACCC statement of claim outlines
several examples. "Job Applicant H" was called in March. She was 18, had only
finished to year 7 at school, had no work experience, no qualifications and no
home computer. The Acquire telemarketer breezed through all that saying she
represented "an employment agency," which had "put 4217 people . . . into jobs
last month".

Job Applicant H responded: "Wow". H was signed up to an online business diploma.

The ACCC action is not the first trouble Andrew Demetriou's company has faced.
In November last year, job service Seek claimed Acquire had put false job ads on
its site to farm resumes. Acquire denied those claims and continues to do so. It
then cut out the middle man, partnering with News Corporation's CareerOne
website, and, late this year, buying a majority stake in it.

A month ago, Acquire sued a group of former executives and a consultant who
spent time in jail for illegal share-trading for allegedly stealing company
secrets. And a number of colleges that used to take students from Acquire have
complained that too many students were withdrawing and demanding their money
back. Acquire had already pocketed its commission.

Insiders say that the company's internal practices were geared firstly to
selling courses, and secondly to getting the student through to the "census
date", when the revenue flowed into Acquire's coffers. A "support team" was
known internally as "retention", and existed just to keep the prospect on the
hook.

After the census had passed, a "mentor" would call once or twice. The mentors
were hired for their "good personalities, good interpersonal skills" but had no
specific counselling or other training, and were not equipped to work with the
long-term unemployed, or people with poor language skills, specific cultural
needs or a disability.

Until recently, those who wanted to pull out of a course had nowhere to go. Job
seeker Ben Mutch told Fairfax Media in October when he tried to withdraw, his
calls went to an answering machine. Insiders say that story prompted a "customer
care" team to be set up for the first time to deal with cancellations.

But if students simply stop responding to contacts, Acquire lets them slip into
a "big pool" of those who are sent only group emails.

"There are a lot of people who fall off into that: they don't do any work, and
don't want any contact from Acquire. They just want to just forget."

The catch is that the tax department will never forget the tens of thousands of
dollars they owe.

The ACCC has acknowledged that Acquire has recently made positive changes. Chief
executive John Wall emphasised a new "Rising Star" program that was designed to
try to keep people in their courses and studying. The company has also recently
appointed former Victorian deputy premier and National Party leader Peter Ryan
as student ombudsman. Mr Wall will not talk about graduation rates, but the
acknowledged industry completion rate for online diplomas is 7 per cent. It may
well be less.

"That just means we've cast a very dark shadow over the lives of 93 per cent of
students," a former worker says.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: Acquire Learning chief executive John Wall with executive
chairman Andrew Demetriou, the former AFL chief. Inset: jobseeker Ben Mutch.
Photos: Pat Scala (main), Rob Gunstone.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 April 29, 2014

                           Antofagasta Minerals S.A.

                            Avda Greece 860, Piso 05
                            Antafagasta,  AB 7550162
                                     Chile

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Antofagasta Minerals To Acquire 75% Interest In Sami Project From Lara
Exploration

   3/20/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Antofagasta Minerals S.A., a copper exploration company, entered into an
option agreement to acquire 75% interest in the Sami project in southern Peru,
from Lara Exploration Ltd., a mineral exploration company.

Under the terms, Antofagasta Minerals can acquire an initial 55% interest in the
project by incurring an exploration expenditure of CAD6m ($5.86m) over a period
of six years including CAD0.5m ($0.49m) in the first year. Further, Antofagasta
Minerals can acquire an additional 5% interest over two years by completing a
preliminary economic assessment and a further 15% by completing a feasibility
study within nine years. Antofagasta will be the project operator, with Lara
providing continuity and support with community relations and permitting.

The Sami project is located in the Ayacucho and Huancavelica departments of
southern Peru covering an area of 50,100 hectares. Antofagasta Minerals has
completed exploration work that has outlined 20 gold-copper targets associated
with high and low sulphidation epithermal and porphyry style alteration
assemblages, with quartz veining, siliceous bodies, hydrothermal breccias and
oxidized vein stockworks. Gold, silver, molybdenum, lead, and manganese
anomalies have been identified on the project.

The transaction is subject to completion of due-diligence, entering into a
definitive agreement and final approvals by Antofagasta and Lara.


Antofagasta Minerals To Acquire 70% Interest In A Copper Project In Brazil From
Lara Exploration

   9/27/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Antofagasta Minerals S.A., a copper exploration company, entered into
agreement to acquire up to 70% interest in a copper exploration project in
Brazil, from Lara Exploration Ltd., a mineral exploration company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Antofagasta will invest $1.2m over a two-year
period to fund joint generative exploration for copper and related metals in
certain areas of Brazil to earn an initial 51% interest in any project that a
technical committee nominates as a designated project. Antofagasta may earn an
additional 19% interest by spending a further $5m on the designated project
within four years, including a minimum of $0.5m in the first year. Upon
acquisition of 70% interest Antofagasta will pay $3m to Lara and the designated
project will be developed as a joint venture. If Lara is unable or unwilling to
fund its proportionate share of the joint venture expenses, normal dilution
clauses will apply, with a conversion to a 2% net smelter return royalty if its
interest drops below 10%.

The transaction will enable Antofagasta to expand its copper asset portfolio.


Antofagasta Minerals To Acquire 75% Interest In Mallow Property In Ireland From
Rathdowney Resources

   7/3/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Antofagasta Minerals S.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Antofagasta plc., a
copper exploration and development company, entered into an option agreement to
acquire Mallow zinc-lead project in Ireland from Rathdowney Resources Ltd., a
mineral exploration and development company focused on zinc.

Under the terms of agreement, Antofagasta will acquire up to 75% interest in the
property by incurring CAD0.25m ($0.25m) over a period of 12 months and then
acquire the property in two options. Antofagasta will initially acquire 51%
interest in the property by incurring an exploration expenditure of $3m over a
period of three years. Upon acquiring 51% interest in the property, both the
parties will form a joint venture and Antofagasta can acquire additional 24%
interest by incurring an additional $3m exploration expenditure over a period of
three years. Antofagasta upon acquiring 75% interest or elects not to exercise
the second option, the companies will contribute to ongoing exploration of the
project in proportion to their held interests, or dilute. If either party's
interest dilutes to less than 10%, then its interest would convert to a 1.5% net
smelter return (NSR0 royalty.

Mallow property is located south of the Pallas Green mineral district in
Ireland, consisting of 11 prospecting licenses covering 337sqkm. This area is
prospective for two mineral deposit types within the Lower Carboniferous
sedimentary package, namely, Waulsortian hosted zinc-lead-silver deposits and
copper-silver deposits in the underlying Lower Limestone Shale sequence.

The acquisition enables Antofagasta to increase its portfolio of asset.


Antofagasta Minerals To Acquire 60% Interest In Clermont Copper Project From
Diatreme Resources

   3/27/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Antofagasta Minerals S.A., a copper exploration and development company,
entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to acquire 60% interest in
Clermont Copper project in central Queensland from Chalcophile Resources Pty.
Ltd., a 100% owned subsidiary of Diatreme Resources Ltd (DRX)., a mineral
exploration and development company.

Under the terms of agreement, Antofagasta will incur an exploration expenditure
of $0.4m over a period of six months as an initial assessment phase. On
completion of the assessment phase, Antofagasta has the option to sign farm-in
agreement to acquire initial 51% interest in the project by funding $8m for
exploration expenditure over a period of four years and demarcate areas of the
tenement prospective for copper mineralization. Upon acquiring 51% interest
Antofagasta will have an option to acquire additional 9% interest by delivering
a JORC-compliant inferred resource and completing a scoping study on at least
one mineral deposit. Upon completion of the scoping study, Antofagasta will hold
60% and DRX 40% interest on the property.

Antofagasta has the right to withdraw from the agreement after spending a
minimum of $1.5m within the first year and will not earn any equity. In
addition, if either party dilute to less than a 10% interest, then the diluted
party shall relinquish its equity position and revert to a 1.5% net smelter
return (NSR) royalty. DRX has the right to reacquire a 100% interest in the
project by reimbursement to Antofagasta of 150% of related exploration costs
incurred on the project during the farm-in period.

Clermont Gold project is situated to the south, west and northwest of the town
of Clermont in central Queensland, Australia. Diatreme is exploring for porhyry
and stratabound bulk tonnage copper/gold targets over four exploration permits
covering over 860 sq km. The project area covers numerous prospects including
the old Peak Downs Copper Mine which is significant for its past copper
production. The project is proving to be highly prospective with Rosevale
Porphyry Corridor, Mesothermal gold reefs and Regional VTEM and Banded Iron
Formation (BIF) targets being under investigation.


Antofagasta Minerals To Acquire 75% Interest In Alvalade Project

   6/6/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Antofagasta Minerals S.A (AMSA)., a mineral exploration company, signed a
Memorandum of Understanding to acquire 75% interest in Alvalade project in
Portugal, from Avrupa Minerals Ltd., a junior exploration and development
company.

Under the terms, AMSA will acquire 51% interest in the property, upon completion
of the initial study for $0.30m for a period of six months and positive due
diligence and incurring $4m expenditures over a period of three years. In
addition, AMSA will have an option to acquire 24% interest in the property, by
completing and delivering a Feasibility study on the property over a period of
five years.

Paul Kuhn, CEO of Avrupa, said: The agreement solidifies our generative
exploration program in the Portuguese Pyrite Belt. This exciting development
will allow us to move aggressively forward on the Alvalade Project with the
support of one of the world's biggest copper producers and development-oriented
explorers. Avrupa and AMSA both view the potential for discovery of large
copper-bearing massive sulfide deposits on the Property as strongly favorable.
Systematic exploration and drill target generation on the Property will begin
immediately.


Antofagasta To Acquire 70% Interest In Norrmyran Designated Project In Sweden
From Eurasian Minerals

   2/18/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Antofagasta Minerals S.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Antofagasta plc,
executed an agreement to acquire 70% interest in the Norrmyran Designated
project in Sweden, from Eurasian Minerals Inc., a precious and base metals
exploration company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Antofagasta will initially acquire 51%
interest in the property by incurring an exploration expenditure of $5m over a
period of five years and making a one-time cash payment to Eurasian Minerals on
or before, the fifth anniversary equal to the product obtained by multiplying
225,000 pounds of copper times the average copper price for the previous 30
trading days. Antofagasta has an option to acquire an additional 19% in the
property (totaling to 70%) by making sole funding work commitments for the
completion of a NI 43-101 compliant feasibility study which includes an
exploration expenditures of $3m over a period of three years, with minimum
expenditures of $2m per year thereafter until the feasibility study is
completed. In addition, Antofagasta will further make a cash payment to Eurasian
Minerals which equals to the product obtained by multiplying 225,000 pounds of
copper times the average copper price for the previous 30 trading days.

In the event, if Antofagasta completes the earn-in requirements to hold a 70%
interest in the property, each party will fund their respective share of further
expenditures on a go-forward basis. Standard dilution clauses will apply, and if
either party's interest is diluted below 10%, their interest will automatically
be converted to a 2% net smelter royalty (NSR). Eurasian Minerals has the right
to convert its participating interest in the property into a 2% NSR at any time,
after Antofagasta acquires 70% interest in the property and until commercial
production is reached. The conversion option also includes an annual advance
royalty payment equal to the product obtained by multiplying 90,000 pounds of
copper times the average copper price for the previous 30 trading days. Incase,
Antofagasta fails to complete the acquisition of 19% interest, then Antofagasta
will hold 51% and Eurasian Minerals holds 49% interest in the property and will
take control and management of the property.

The Norrmyran Designated project consists of two exploration permits covering an
area of 126.12 sq. kms located in the Vasterbotten county, northern Sweden with
copper and zinc mineralization.

Deal history

Update: On January 23, 2012, Antofagasta Minerals executed an agreement to
acquire 70% interest in the Norrmyran Designated project in Sweden, from
Eurasian Minerals.

Announced: On February 18, 2011, Antofagasta Minerals entered into an agreement
to acquire 70% interest in the Norrmyran Designated project in Sweden, from
Eurasian Minerals.


Antofagasta To Acquire 60% Interest In Cumbres Mining Prospect In Chile From
Minera Picacho

   8/24/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Antofagasta Minerals S.A., a subsidiary of Antofagasta PLC, a mineral
exploration company focused on copper, entered into agreement to acquire 60%
interest in Cumbres mining prospect in northern region II, Chile from Compania
Minera Picacho, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Corporacion Nacional del Cobre de
Chile Codelco), state owned copper exploration company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Antofagasta will invest $2.5m in exploration
works over a period of four years, including $0.03m in the first year and
conduct a feasibility study within next two years.

Following the transaction, the two companies will form a joint venture company
where Codelco owns 40% of the shares and Antofagasta the remaining 60%.

Cumbres mining prospect is approximately 30km to the east of Sierra Gorda and
50km to the south-west of Calama, in the Region of Antofagasta.


Codelco To Acquire Huinquintipa Mining Property From Antofagasta Minerals

   8/24/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Corporacion Nacional del Cobre de Chile (Codelco), state owned copper
exploration company, agreed to acquire Huinquintipa mining property, from
Antofagasta Minerals S.A., a subsidiary of Antofagasta PLC, a mineral
exploration company focused on copper.

Huinquintipa mining property is located near Chuquicamata mine in Chile.
Huinquintipa is a copper oxide deposit that was formed when copper oxides were
deposited as cement in gravels in paleochannels from headwaters in the Rosario
sector.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014


                              123 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2010 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 July 15, 2010

                              Woolworths Group plc

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Sainsbury's acquires Woolworths store

   Date: May 12, 2009

   Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd., a United Kingdom based food retailer, acquires
former Woolworths store, from Woolworths Group plc, a UK retailer focused on the
home, family and entertainment. Sainsbury's will open a shop in the former
Woolworths store to trade its convenience store format. Sainsbury's was
represented by Jones Lang LaSalle.


Poundland acquires 12 retail stores from Woolworths

   Date: Apr 22, 2009

   Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd., a United Kingdom based food retailer, acquires
former Woolworths store, from Woolworths Group plc, a UK retailer focused on the
home, family and entertainment. Sainsbury's will open a shop in the former
Woolworths store to trade its convenience store format. Sainsbury's was
represented by Jones Lang LaSalle.


Home Retail Group to acquire Chad Valley from Woolworths

   Date: Jan 20, 2009

   Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd., a United Kingdom based food retailer, acquires
former Woolworths store, from Woolworths Group plc, a UK retailer focused on the
home, family and entertainment. Sainsbury's will open a shop in the former
Woolworths store to trade its convenience store format. Sainsbury's was
represented by Jones Lang LaSalle.


Iceland acquires Woolies stores from Woolworths

   Date: Jan 09, 2009

   Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd., a United Kingdom based food retailer, acquires
former Woolworths store, from Woolworths Group plc, a UK retailer focused on the
home, family and entertainment. Sainsbury's will open a shop in the former
Woolworths store to trade its convenience store format. Sainsbury's was
represented by Jones Lang LaSalle.


Waitrose acquires four stores from Woolworths

   Date: Jun 18, 2008

   Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd., a United Kingdom based food retailer, acquires
former Woolworths store, from Woolworths Group plc, a UK retailer focused on the
home, family and entertainment. Sainsbury's will open a shop in the former
Woolworths store to trade its convenience store format. Sainsbury's was
represented by Jones Lang LaSalle.


GM acquires AMP Enterprises

   Date: Sep 05, 2006

   Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd., a United Kingdom based food retailer, acquires
former Woolworths store, from Woolworths Group plc, a UK retailer focused on the
home, family and entertainment. Sainsbury's will open a shop in the former
Woolworths store to trade its convenience store format. Sainsbury's was
represented by Jones Lang LaSalle.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Financial Ratios                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2010


                              124 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                Mergers & Acquisitions, The Dealmaker's Journal

                               December 19, 2014

The Weekly Wrap: Fedex, Coeur Mining, US Healthworks;
Fedex buys Genco; Coeur Mining picks up Paramount Gold; US Healthworks acquires
Acute Care Express

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 4685  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
PetSmart Inc         PetSmart Inc SPV          8,440.6  PetSmart Inc SPV, a
                                                            special purpose
                                                        acquisition vehicle
                                                               formed by BC
                                                        Partners Ltd of the
                                                        UK, StepStone Group
                                                       LLC, Caisse de Depot
                                                             & Placement du
                                                       Quebec of Canada and
                                                             Longview Asset
                                                         Management LLC for
                                                             the purpose of
                                                                 making the
                                                               acquisition,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of PetSmart Inc, a
                                                        Phoenix-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                       specialty pet retail
                                                         stores, for USD 83
                                                         in cash per common
                                                          share, restricted
                                                          common shares and
                                                          performance stock
                                                          units, or a total
                                                         value of USD 8.441
                                                               billion in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                               August 2014,
                                                       PetSmart was rumored
                                                            to be seeking a
                                                              buyer for the
                                                          company. Kohlberg
                                                        Kravis Roberts & Co
                                                         LP, Apax Partners,
                                                              Bain Capital,
                                                         Clayton Dubilier &
                                                           Rice LLC, Apollo
                                                          Global Management
                                                       LLC, BC Partners Ltd
                                                           and Carlyle were
                                                           named as rumored
                                                                   bidders.
Riverbed                     Riverbed          3,307.0  Riverbed Technology
Technology Inc     Technology Inc SPV                    Inc SPV, a special
                                                            purpose vehicle
                                                            formed by Thoma
                                                              Bravo LLC and
                                                           Teachers Private
                                                         Capital, a unit of
                                                           Ontario Teachers
                                                              Pension Plan,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire Riverbed
                                                          Technology Inc, a
                                                        San Francisco-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        steelhead and cloud
                                                       products, for USD 21
                                                         in cash per share,
                                                        or a total value of
                                                       USD 3.307 billion in
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Bumble Bee Foods    Thai Union Frozen          1,510.0    Thai Union Frozen
LLC                      Products PCL                       PLC of Thailand
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                          capital of Bumble
                                                       Bee Foods LLC, a San
                                                       Diego-based producer
                                                          and wholesaler of
                                                        fish and sea foods,
                                                          from Lion Capital
                                                          LLP for USD 1.510
                                                       billion. Originally,
                                                         in June 2014, Lion
                                                            Capital LLP was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                          Bumble Bee Foods.
                                                          Thai Union Frozen
                                                         Products PCL, Post
                                                           Holdings Inc and
                                                       Mitsubishi Corp were
                                                           named as rumored
                                                         potential bidders.
Emerson Electric    Regal Beloit Corp          1,440.0    Regal Beloit Corp
Co-Power                                                definitively agreed
Transmission                                           to acquire the power
                                                               transmission
                                                         solutions business
                                                            unit of Emerson
                                                          Electric Co, a St
                                                                Louis-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          electric products
                                                        and systems, for an
                                                         estimated USD 1.44
                                                               billion. The
                                                              consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                         consist of USD 1.4
                                                        billion in cash and
                                                          the assumption of
                                                          USD 40 million in
                                                               liabilities.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                       August 2014, Emerson
                                                       Electric was rumored
                                                        to be seeking buyer
                                                           for its business
                                                          unit via auction.
ADM Cocoa          Olam International          1,300.0   Olam International
                                  Ltd                      Ltd of Singapore
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                               ADM Cocoa, a
                                                            Milwaukee-based
                                                          producer of cocoa
                                                             products, from
                                                             Archer Daniels
                                                          Midland Co for an
                                                          estimated USD 1.3
                                                           billion in cash.
Xerox                         Atos SE          1,100.0    Atos SE of France
Corp-Information                                          agreed to acquire
Technology                                                  the information
Outsourcing                                                      technology
                                                       outsourcing business
                                                           of Xerox Corp, a
                                                              Norwalk-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          business machines
                                                         and equipment, for
                                                       an estimated USD 1.1
                                                           billion in cash.
Dynacast               Partners Group          1,100.0       Partners Group
International Inc          Holding AG                         Holding AG of
                                                         Switzerland agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                                of Dynacast
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                            Charlotte-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       precision engineered
                                                          metal components,
                                                           from an investor
                                                        group consisting of
                                                           Kenner & Co Inc,
                                                            Izurium Capital
                                                          Management Ltd, W
                                                          Capital Partners,
                                                               Laurel Crown
                                                       Partners LLC, Babson
                                                         Capital Management
                                                          LLC and Macquarie
                                                          Capital Group Ltd
                                                       for an estimated USD
                                                        1.1 billion in cash
                                                             in a secondary
                                                        buyout transaction.
                                                            Previously, the
                                                             investor group
                                                          acquired Dynacast
                                                         International in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Volcano Corp              Koninklijke            947.6  Koninklijke Philips
                              Philips                        Electronics NV
                       Electronics NV                   definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Volcano Corp, a
                                                            San Diego-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                              intravascular
                                                       ultrasound catheters
                                                             and functional
                                                                measurement
                                                        guidewires, for USD
                                                             18 in cash per
                                                           common share and
                                                          restricted common
                                                          share, or a total
                                                       value of USD 947.583
                                                       million via a tender
                                                       offer. The offer was
                                                        conditioned upon at
                                                               least 50% of
                                                           Volcano's shares
                                                       being tendered. Upon
                                                        completion, Volcano
                                                         common shares were
                                                        to be delisted from
                                                           the NASDAQ Stock
                                                                  Exchange.
                                                             Originally, In
                                                            September 2014,
                                                          Volcano announced
                                                        that it was seeking
                                                            a buyer for the
                                                                   company.
ARX Holding Corp      The Progressive            875.0 The Progressive Corp
                                 Corp                   agreed to raise its
                                                       interest to 67% from
                                                          5% by acquiring a
                                                        62% interest in ARX
                                                        Holding Corp, a St.
                                                           Petersburg-based
                                                          insurance holding
                                                            company, for an
                                                          estimated USD 875
                                                           million in cash.
Pantry Inc               Alimentation            857.8         Alimentation
                      Couche-Tard Inc                    Couche-Tard Inc of
                                                        Canada definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                          capital of Pantry
                                                           Inc a Cary-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                             of convenience
                                                            stores, for USD
                                                          36.75 in cash per
                                                          share, or a total
                                                       value of USD 857.783
                                                       million. In December
                                                           2014, Pantry was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the company.
Carolina Gas       Dominion Resources            492.9   Dominion Resources
Transmission Corp                 Inc                         Inc agreed to
                                                       acquire Carolina Gas
                                                       Transmission Corp, a
                                                       Cayce-based provider
                                                             of natural gas
                                                             transportation
                                                       services, from SCANA
                                                                Corp for an
                                                        estimated USD 493.9
                                                                   million.
                                                       Concurrently, Spirit
                                                         Communications LLC
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                       SCANA Communications
                                                            Inc from SCANA.
Kimpton Hotel &      InterContinental            430.0     InterContinental
Restaurant Group         Hotels Group                   Hotels Group PLC of
                                                           the UK agreed to
                                                            acquire Kimpton
                                                         Hotel & Restaurant
                                                           Group LLC, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                       hotel operator, from
                                                              Kimpton Group
                                                        Holding LLC for USD
                                                       430 million in cash.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                             December 2014,
                                                            Kimpton Hotel &
                                                       Restaurant Group was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the company.
Firemans Fund                 ACE Ltd            365.0           ACE Ltd of
Co-Personal                                                     Switzerland
Insurance                                               definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                             personal lines
                                                         insurance business
                                                            of Novato-based
                                                              Firemans Fund
                                                       Insurance Co, a unit
                                                         of Allianz SE, for
                                                           USD 365 million.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                            September 2014,
                                                              Firemans Fund
                                                              Insurance was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                              its business.
Northwood           Pebblebrook Hotel            260.4    Pebblebrook Hotel
Investors                       Trust                    Trust acquired the
LLC-Revere Hotel                                        Revere Hotel Boston
                                                        Common of Northwood
                                                       Investors LLC, a New
                                                            York-based real
                                                          estate investment
                                                        firm, for USD 260.4
                                                                   million.
Marquette          UMB Financial Corp            182.5   UMB Financial Corp
Financial Cos                                           definitively agreed
                                                              to merge with
                                                        Marquette Financial
                                                                     Cos, a
                                                          Minneapolis-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         financial services
                                                       and a unit of Pohlad
                                                          Family of Cos, in
                                                         exchange for 3.433
                                                             million common
                                                        shares valued at an
                                                        estimated USD 182.5
                                                        million. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                            UMB Financial's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                         of USD 53.16 on 12
                                                         December 2014, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                               transaction.
LNB Bancorp Inc             Northwest            180.7 Northwest Bancshares
                       Bancshares Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                             capital of LNB
                                                             Bancorp Inc, a
                                                          Lorain-based bank
                                                       holding company, for
                                                       USD 180.742 million.
                                                       Northwest Bancshares
                                                        offered a choice of
                                                           18.70 in cash or
                                                            1.461 Northwest
                                                          Bancshares common
                                                             shares per LNB
                                                             Bancorp share,
                                                       subject to proration
                                                                whereby the
                                                                  aggregate
                                                              consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                          consist of 50% in
                                                            cash and 50% in
                                                             common shares.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                         November 2014, LNB
                                                        Bancorp was rumored
                                                            to be seeking a
                                                              buyer for the
                                                                   company.
SCANA                          Spirit            157.1               Spirit
Communications Inc Communications LLC                    Communications LLC
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                       SCANA Communications
                                                         Inc, a Cayce-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         telecommunications
                                                       services, from SCANA
                                                                Corp for an
                                                        estimated USD 157.1
                                                               million. The
                                                         transaction was to
                                                             include Spirit
                                                           Communications's
                                                       interest in FRC LLC.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                         Dominion Resources
                                                              Inc agreed to
                                                       acquire Carolina Gas
                                                          Transmission Corp
                                                                from SCANA.
MicroFinancial Inc           Fortress            150.0  Fortress Investment
                     Investment Group                    Group LLC, through
                                  LLC                        its affiliated
                                                        funds, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                        MicroFinancial Inc,
                                                            a Waltham-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                specialized
                                                       commercial financing
                                                          services, for USD
                                                           10.2 in cash per
                                                          share, or a total
                                                       value of USD 150.023
                                                       million via a tender
                                                       offer. The offer was
                                                        conditioned upon at
                                                        least a majority of
                                                           MicroFinancial's
                                                               shares being
                                                                  tendered.
Paramount Gold &     Coeur Mining Inc            149.2     Coeur Mining Inc
Silver Corp                                               agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of Paramount
                                                        Gold & Silver Corp,
                                                         a Winnemucca-based
                                                            precious metals
                                                       mining company, in a
                                                                 stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                             at USD 149.227
                                                             million. Coeur
                                                             Mining offered
                                                        0.2016 common share
                                                       per Paramount Gold &
                                                        Silver share. Based
                                                          on Coeur Mining's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                          of USD 4.57 on 16
                                                         December 2014, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                           Paramount Gold &
                                                           Silver share was
                                                       valued at USD 0.921.
                                                          Originally, Coeur
                                                         Mining was rumored
                                                          to be planning to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           Paramount Gold &
                                                                    Silver.
Community National Bridge Bancorp Inc            133.6   Bridge Bancorp Inc
Bank,NY                                                 definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of Melville-based
                                                         Community National
                                                       Bank in a stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                             at USD 133. 64
                                                            million. Bridge
                                                       Bancorp offered 0.79
                                                           common share per
                                                         Community National
                                                           Bank share held.
                                                            Based on Bridge
                                                          Bancorp's closing
                                                         stock price of USD
                                                        25.35 on 12 Decmber
                                                        2014, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement,
                                                             each Community
                                                        National Bank share
                                                          was valued at USD
                                                                    20.027.
General Growth      The Howard Hughes            130.0    The Howard Hughes
Properties                       Corp                     Corp acquired the
Inc-Buildings                                            Columbia Corporate
                                                              Center office
                                                       buildings located in
                                                         downtown Columbia,
                                                        Maryland of General
                                                          Growth Properties
                                                       Inc, a Chicago-based
                                                                real estate
                                                          investment trust,
                                                       for USD 130 million.
DTECH LABS Inc             Cubic Corp            114.5  Cubic Corp acquired
                                                          DTECH LABS Inc, a
                                                             Sterling-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                   wireless
                                                             communications
                                                          equipment, for an
                                                        estimated USD 114.5
                                                               million. The
                                                              consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                        consist of USD 99.5
                                                        million in cash and
                                                          USD 15 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Massey Knakal               Cushman &            100.0  Cushman & Wakefield
Realty Services         Wakefield Inc                   Inc, a unit of EXOR
Inc                                                          SpA, agreed to
                                                             acquire Massey
                                                              Knakal Realty
                                                        Services Inc, a New
                                                            York-based real
                                                         estate agency, for
                                                       an estimated USD 100
                                                                   million.
Cimarron Energy    Turnbridge Capital            100.0   Turnbridge Capital
Inc                               LLC                          LLC acquired
                                                       Cimarron Energy Inc,
                                                             a Norman-based
                                                               designer and
                                                        manufacturer of oil
                                                         and gas production
                                                         equipment, for USD
                                                        100 million in cash
                                                             in a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Onward Healthcare      AMN Healthcare             82.5       AMN Healthcare
Inc                      Services Inc                          Services Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Onward
                                                          Healthcare Inc, a
                                                              Norwalk-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       temporary healthcare
                                                         staffing, from OGH
                                                         LLC. Concurrently,
                                                             AMN Healthcare
                                                                   Services
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire Locum
                                                            Leaders LLC and
                                                           Medefis Inc. The
                                                         three transactions
                                                       had a combined value
                                                       of USD 82.5 million.
Silvermine Capital      Man Group PLC             70.0 Man Group PLC of the
Management                                             UK agreed to acquire
                                                         Silvermine Capital
                                                          Management LLC, a
                                                             Stamford-based
                                                         financial sponsor,
                                                       for an estimated USD
                                                            70 million. The
                                                              consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                        consist of USD 23.5
                                                        million in cash and
                                                         up to 46.5 million
                                                          in profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Landmark               Investor Group             63.7    An investor group
Industries                                                 comprised of CST
Inc-Stores(22)                                               Brands Inc and
                                                               CrossAmerica
                                                         Partners LP agreed
                                                              to acquire 22
                                                         convenience stores
                                                              from Landmark
                                                          Industries Inc, a
                                                        Houston-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                        convenience stores,
                                                       for an estimated USD
                                                              63.7 million.
SunOpta Inc-Fiber     J Rettenmaier &             37.5      J Rettenmaier &
and Starch                Soehne GmbH                   Soehne GmbH & Co KG
Business                                                         of Germany
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire the fiber
                                                        and starch business
                                                          of SunOpta Inc, a
                                                             Brampton-based
                                                               producer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                        natural and organic
                                                         food products, for
                                                           an estimated USD
                                                              37.5 million.
The Light Group          Hakkasan Ltd             32.4  Hakkasan Ltd of the
LLC                                                         UK definitively
                                                        agreed to acquire a
                                                        90% interest in The
                                                         Light Group LLC, a
                                                            Las Vegas-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                               of hotel and
                                                           residences, from
                                                        Morgans Hotel Group
                                                            Co for USD 32.4
                                                                   million.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                       Hakkasan was granted
                                                       an option to acquire
                                                          the remaining 10%
                                                          interest which it
                                                        did not already own
                                                        in The Light Group.
Apex Oil Co               World Point             28.8          World Point
Inc-Terminal             Terminals LP                  Terminals LP, a unit
                                                             of World Point
                                                             Terminals Inc,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                               the terminal
                                                       facility of Apex Oil
                                                               Co Inc, a St
                                                       Louis-based provider
                                                        of oil refining and
                                                       storage services, in
                                                          exchange for 1.55
                                                        million World Point
                                                        Terminals common LP
                                                        units valued at USD
                                                        28.846 million. The
                                                         shares were valued
                                                       based on World Point
                                                        Terminals's closing
                                                         stock price of USD
                                                       18.61 on 15 December
                                                        2014, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
AES Environmental     Clean Earth Inc             16.6   Clean Earth Inc, a
LLC                                                         unit of Compass
                                                                Diversified
                                                         Holdings, acquired
                                                          AES Environmental
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                            Sewickley-based
                                                                provider of
                                                              environmental
                                                          services, for USD
                                                              16.6 million.
Callos Management           NESCO Inc             16.0   NESCO Inc acquired
Co Inc                                                 Callos Management Co
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                           Youngstown-based
                                                          provider of human
                                                              resources and
                                                           executive search
                                                       consulting services,
                                                         for a total USD 16
                                                                   million.
Recovery First Inc   AAC Holdings Inc             13.0     AAC Holdings Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire Recovery
                                                               First Inc, a
                                                            Hollywood-based
                                                                provider of
                                                            substance abuse
                                                              treatment and
                                                             rehabilitation
                                                       services, for USD 13
                                                           million in cash.
Pfaudler Inc                 Deutsche             10.0             Deutsche
                      Beteiligungs AG                    Beteiligungs AG of
                                                       Germany, through its
                                                         DBAG Fund VI unit,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                            Pfaudler Inc, a
                                                            Rochester-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                glass lined
                                                             reactors, from
                                                       Robbins & Myers Inc,
                                                         a unit of National
                                                         Oilwell Varco Inc,
                                                              for USD 9.984
                                                       million in cash in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Family Security      United Insurance              9.0     United Insurance
Holdings LLC            Holdings Corp                          Holding Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Family Security
                                                            Holdings LLC, a
                                                             Metairie-based
                                                          insurance agency,
                                                       for USD 9 million in
                                                       common shares and an
                                                         undisclosed amount
                                                          in profit-related
                                                                  payments.
SingleSource            Clearstar Inc              4.0        Clearstar Inc
Services Corp                                           acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                               SingleSource
                                                           Services Corp, a
                                                               Jacksonville
                                                       Beach-based provider
                                                              of background
                                                        screening services,
                                                       for an estimated USD
                                                         4 million in cash.
The Light Group          Hakkasan Ltd              3.6  Hakkasan Ltd of the
LLC                                                       UK was granted an
                                                          option to acquire
                                                          the remaining 10%
                                                          interest which it
                                                        did not already own
                                                         in The Light Group
                                                                 LLC, a Las
                                                          Vegas-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                                  hotel and
                                                           residences, from
                                                          Andrew Sasson and
                                                          Andy Masi for USD
                                                               3.6 million.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                                   Hakkasan
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire a 90%
                                                            interest in The
                                                               Light Group.
Akimbo Financial         Payment Data              3.3 Payment Data Systems
Inc                       Systems Inc                         Inc agreed to
                                                             acquire Akimbo
                                                       Financial Inc, a San
                                                              Antonio-based
                                                        developer of mobile
                                                                application
                                                          software, for USD
                                                           3.3 million. The
                                                              consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                           consist of USD 3
                                                          million in common
                                                         shares and USD 0.3
                                                           million in cash.
Freedom Seed &            iMD Cos Inc              2.0 iMD Cos Inc acquired
Feed LLC                                                Freedom Seed & Feed
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                            Lexington-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                           of hemp seed and
                                                       fiber farms, for USD
                                                          1.95 million. The
                                                              consideration
                                                       offered consisted of
                                                        USD 1.95 million in
                                                                cash and an
                                                         undisclosed amount
                                                          in common shares.
true[X] media Inc    21st Century Fox               Â  21st Century Fox Inc
                                  Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                       true[X] media Inc, a
                                                          Los Angeles-based
                                                        advertising agency.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Distribution                   Advent               Â  Advent International
International Inc  International Corp                         Corp acquired
                                                               Distribution
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       insulation products,
                                                        from Audax Group LP
                                                        and CapStreet Group
                                                         LLC in a secondary
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                         Originally, Advent
                                                          International was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                               Distribution
                                                             International.
                                                          Previously, Audax
                                                             Group acquired
                                                               Distribution
                                                         International in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Locum Leaders LLC      AMN Healthcare               Â        AMN Healthcare
                         Services Inc                          Services Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire Locum
                                                            Leaders LLC, an
                                                           Alpharetta-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        healthcare staffing
                                                         services, from OGH
                                                         LLC. Concurrently,
                                                             AMN Healthcare
                                                                   Services
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Onward
                                                         Healthcare Inc and
                                                           Medefis Inc. The
                                                         three transactions
                                                       had a combined value
                                                       of USD 82.5 million.
Medefis Inc            AMN Healthcare               Â        AMN Healthcare
                         Services Inc                          Services Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                         to acquire Medefis
                                                        Inc, an Omaha-based
                                                         provider of vendor
                                                        management services
                                                             technology for
                                                              hospitals and
                                                                 healthcare
                                                        organizations, from
                                                                   OGH LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, AMN
                                                        Healthcare Services
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Onward
                                                         Healthcare Inc and
                                                         Locum Leaders LLC.
                                                                  The three
                                                         transactions had a
                                                          combined value of
                                                          USD 82.5 million.
Kernco Corp          Animal Supply Co               Â      Animal Supply Co
                                  LLC                        LLC, a unit of
                                                         Halifax Group LLC,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                             Kernco Corp, a
                                                               Tucson-based
                                                          wholesaler of pet
                                                         food and supplies.
LenderLive Network   Aquiline Capital               Â      Aquiline Capital
Inc                      Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                              to acquire an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                                interest in
                                                         LenderLive Network
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                             Glendale-based
                                                       provider of mortgage
                                                             services, in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                         transaction. Terms
                                                       of the deal were not
                                                                 disclosed.
O'Gorman & Young   Arthur J Gallagher               Â  Arthur J Gallagher &
Inc                              & Co                  Co acquired O'Gorman
                                                             & Young Inc, a
                                                              Chatham-based
                                                          insurance agency.
                                                       Concurrently, Arthur
                                                       J Gallagher acquired
                                                       GR Murray Insurance.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
GR Murray          Arthur J Gallagher               Â  Arthur J Gallagher &
Insurance                        & Co                        Co acquired GR
                                                        Murray Insurance, a
                                                            Princeton-based
                                                          insurance agency.
                                                       Concurrently, Arthur
                                                       J Gallagher acquired
                                                           O'Gorman & Young
                                                        Inc. Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Independent        Arthur J Gallagher               Â   Arthur J. Gallagher
Benefit Services                 & Co                         & Co acquired
Inc                                                     Independent Benefit
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                            Rockville-based
                                                                provider of
                                                               professional
                                                       consulting services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Affinity Marketing Arthur J Gallagher               Â  Arthur J Gallagher &
Group LLC                        & Co                  Co acquired Affinity
                                                       Marketing Group LLC,
                                                             a Natick-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        marketing services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Ashland Community              Asante               Â    Asante merged with
Hospital                                                  Ashland Community
                                                               Hospital, an
                                                              Ashland-based
                                                         hospital operator.
McDavid Ford Fort   Asbury Automotive               Â     Asbury Automotive
Worth                       Group Inc                    Group Inc acquired
                                                          McDavid Ford Fort
                                                              Worth, a Fort
                                                          Worth-based owner
                                                        and operator of new
                                                         and pre-owned Ford
                                                                  vehicles.
Titan Technologies     Atlas Copco AB               Â     Atlas Copco AB of
International Inc                                          Sweden agreed to
                                                              acquire Titan
                                                               Technologies
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                              Clifton-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                         industrial bolting
                                                                     tools.
Vapor High USA          AV1 Group Inc               Â  AV1 Group Inc agreed
                                                           to acquire Vapor
                                                            High USA, a San
                                                         Diego-based online
                                                                retailer of
                                                       vaporizers, lighters
                                                          and e-cigarettes.
Glen-Gery Corp           Bain Capital               Â   Bain Capital Europe
                           Europe LLP                      LLP of the UK, a
                                                       unit of Bain Capital
                                                             LLC, agreed to
                                                          acquire Glen-Gery
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Wyomissing-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       bricks, from CRH PLC
                                                             in a leveraged
                                                       buyout transactions.
                                                         Concurrently, Bain
                                                             Capital Europe
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                               the clay and
                                                          concrete products
                                                       business of CRH. The
                                                           two transactions
                                                             were to have a
                                                          combined value of
                                                        USD 650.974 million
                                                            in cash and the
                                                           assumption of an
                                                         undisclosed amount
                                                            in liabilities.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                          October 2014, CRH
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                          its clay building
                                                         products division.
Crescent           Berkshire Property               Â    Berkshire Property
Communities-Termin           Advisors                          Advisors LLC
us                                                             acquired the
                                                       Crescent Terminus of
                                                       Crescent Communities
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                       Charlotte-based real
                                                            estate company.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Fabrication               CLARCOR Inc               Â  CLARCOR Inc acquired
Specialties Inc                                                 Fabrication
                                                         Specialties Inc, a
                                                           Bridgeview-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                             insulation and
                                                        gasketing products.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                       CLARCOR Inc acquired
                                                         Filtration Inc and
                                                           Filter Resources
                                                                       Inc.
Filtration Inc            CLARCOR Inc               Â  CLARCOR Inc acquired
                                                          Filtration Inc, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                                 wholesaler
                                                       filtration products.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                       CLARCOR Inc acquired
                                                                Fabrication
                                                        Specialties Inc and
                                                           Filter Resources
                                                                       Inc.
Filter Resources          CLARCOR Inc               Â  CLARCOR Inc acquired
Inc                                                        Filter Resources
                                                       Inc, a Houston-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                                 industrial
                                                       filtration products.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                       CLARCOR Inc acquired
                                                                Fabrication
                                                        Specialties Inc and
                                                            Filtration Inc.
TR Manufacturing          Corning Inc               Â    Corning Inc agreed
Inc                                                           to acquire TR
                                                       Manufacturing Inc, a
                                                              Fremont-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 copper and
                                                                fiber-optic
                                                            cable/component
                                                          interconnects and
                                                          electromechanical
                                                          assemblies. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Frank Thompson        Delek Logistics               Â       Delek Logistics
Transport Inc             Partners LP                   Partners LP, a unit
                                                       of Delek US Holdings
                                                                       Inc,
                                                        ultimately-owned by
                                                           Delek Group Ltd,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                             Frank Thompson
                                                       Transport Inc, an El
                                                               Dorado-based
                                                          provider of local
                                                           freight trucking
                                                                  services.
Rockett                  Dentsu Aegis               Â  Dentsu Aegis Network
Interactive Inc           Network Ltd                      Ltd of the UK, a
                                                        unit of Dentsu Inc,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                        Rockett Interactive
                                                          Inc, a Cary-based
                                                        provider of digital
                                                                advertising
                                                                  services.
3M Co-Static         Desco Industries               Â  Desco Industries Inc
Control Business                  Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                         the static control
                                                       business of 3M Co, a
                                                             St. Paul-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       surgical and medical
                                                           equipment. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                          February 2014, 3M
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                            its electronics
                                                                  business.
Argo Transdata             Eastern Co               Â   Eastern Co acquired
Corp-Assets                                                  the assets and
                                                           business of Argo
                                                          Transdata Corp, a
                                                              Clinton-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            circuit boards.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Williams Trew Real      Ebby Halliday               Â         Ebby Halliday
Estate                       Realtors                     Realtors acquired
                                                         Williams Trew Real
                                                             Estate, a Fort
                                                           Worth-based real
                                                             estate agency.
Open Road Rent A           Enterprise               Â   Enterprise Holdings
Car Houston              Holdings Inc                  Inc acquired certain
LLC-Certain Assets                                       business assets of
                                                       Open Road Rent A Car
                                                             Houston LLC, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                            provider of car
                                                           rental services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
John Deere             Farmers Mutual               Â   Farmers Mutual Hail
Insurance Co Inc       Hail Insurance                  Insurance Company of
                                                          Iowa definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                       John Deere Insurance
                                                                  Co Inc, a
                                                             Johnston-based
                                                           provider of crop
                                                        insurance services,
                                                       from Deere & Co. The
                                                         transaction was to
                                                         include John Deere
                                                       Risk Protection Inc.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                            September 2014,
                                                       Deere & Co announced
                                                        that it was seeking
                                                            a buyer for its
                                                        insurance business.
GENCO Distribution         FEDEX Corp               Â  FEDEX Corp agreed to
System Inc                                                    acquire GenCo
                                                        Distribution System
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Pittsburg-based
                                                       provider of logistic
                                                                  services.
Bongo                      FedEx Corp               Â   FedEx Corp acquired
International LLC                                       Bongo International
                                                                 LLC, a St.
                                                        Petersburg provider
                                                            of cross-border
                                                                 enablement
                                                           technologies and
                                                                 solutions.
Greenville Banking First Peoples Bank               Â   First Peoples Bank,
Co                                                          a unit of First
                                                            Bankshares Inc,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                         Greenville Banking
                                                                      Co, a
                                                           Greenville-based
                                                           commercial bank,
                                                       from Meriwether Bank
                                                                Shares Inc.
Eskimo SA-Central    Grupo Lala SA de               Â   Grupo Lala SA De CV
American Assets                    CV                  of Mexico agreed to
                                                        acquire the Central
                                                         American assets of
                                                               Eskimo SA, a
                                                              Manugua-based
                                                        manufacturer of ice
                                                            cream, milk and
                                                                    yogurt.
Weston Products        Hamilton Beach               Â        Hamilton Beach
LLC                        Brands Inc                    Brands Inc, a unit
                                                        of NACCO Industries
                                                       Inc, acquired Weston
                                                            Products LLC, a
                                                         Strongsville-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                             appliances and
                                                          accessories, from
                                                           Highgate Capital
                                                                       LLC.
Skyera Inc                   HGST Inc               Â   HGST Inc, a unit of
                                                        Viviti Technologies
                                                                       Ltd,
                                                        ultimately-owned by
                                                            Western Digital
                                                             Corp, acquired
                                                          Skyera Inc, a San
                                                                 Jose-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        solid-state storage
                                                        systems. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Midtown Partners &              India               Â   India Globalization
Co LLC              Globalization Cap                  Capital Inc acquired
                                  Inc                    Midtown Partners &
                                                              Co LLC, a New
                                                                 York-based
                                                           investment bank.
American Apparel         Irving Place               Â  Irving Place Capital
Inc                       Capital Inc                    Inc was rumored to
                                                             be planning to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           American Apparel
                                                                 Inc, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                        apparel cutting and
                                                         sewing contractor,
                                                              from Endeavor
                                                        Acquisition Corp in
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Arktan Inc                Janrain Inc               Â  Janrain Inc acquired
                                                              Arktan Inc, a
                                                         Redwood City-based
                                                        developer of online
                                                           content curation
                                                                  software.
Kelly Pipe Co LLC     JFE Shoji Trade               Â       JFE Shoji Trade
                          America Inc                   America Inc, a unit
                                                         of JFE Shoji Trade
                                                                      Corp,
                                                        ultimately-owned by
                                                          JFE Holdings Inc,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                           capital of Kelly
                                                       Pipe Co LLC, a Santa
                                                           Fe Springs-based
                                                       industrial machinery
                                                              and equipment
                                                          distributor, from
                                                                Shapco Inc.
Missouri Credit         Kansas Credit               Â   Kansas Credit Union
Union Association   Union Association                  Association signed a
                                                        letter of intent to
                                                        merge with Missouri
                                                               Credit Union
                                                         Association, a St.
                                                         Louis-based credit
                                                                     union.
DFM Insurance Inc    Lawley Insurance               Â      Lawley Insurance
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                           Darien-based DFM
                                                       Insurance Inc. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Microsoft                   LINE Corp               Â   LINE Corp of Japan,
Corp-MixRadio                                               a unit of Naver
                                                         Corp, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                              MixRadio from
                                                          Microsoft Corp, a
                                                              Redmond-based
                                                       provider of computer
                                                           software product
                                                                development
                                                         services. Terms of
                                                          the deal were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Cover-All            Majesco Software               Â      Majesco Software
Technologies Inc                  Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                                Mastek Ltd,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                              to merge with
                                                                  Cover-All
                                                        Technologies Inc, a
                                                           Morristown-based
                                                               developer of
                                                       software, in a stock
                                                          swap transaction.
RealtyBid            Matt Martin Real               Â      Matt Martin Real
International LLC   Estate Management                     Estate Management
                                  LLC                          LLC acquired
                                                                  RealtyBid
                                                       International LLC, a
                                                         Rainbow City-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                        real estate auction
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Holt Dental Supply  Patterson Cos Inc               Â     Patterson Cos Inc
Inc                                                       agreed to acquire
                                                         Holt Dental Supply
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                             Waukesha-based
                                                       wholesaler of dental
                                                       supplies. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
FoodState Inc          Pharmavite LLC               Â     Pharmavite LLC, a
                                                             unit of Otsuka
                                                           Holdings Co Ltd,
                                                         acquired FoodState
                                                         Inc, a Derry-based
                                                               producer and
                                                        wholesaler of whole
                                                          food supplements,
                                                           from 2x Consumer
                                                            Products Growth
                                                            Partners LP and
                                                              Riverside Co.
AnandTech Inc                   Purch               Â        Purch acquired
                                                           AnandTech Inc, a
                                                        provider of mobile,
                                                              computing and
                                                                Information
                                                        technology analysis
                                                                and reviews
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Don Cameron &       Radiant Logistics               Â     Radiant Logistics
Associates Inc                    Inc                      Inc acquired Don
                                                       Cameron & Associates
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                          Minneapolis-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        logistics services.
ENVIRON Holdings      Ramboll Gruppen               Â   Ramboll Gruppen A/S
Inc                               A/S                    of Denmark, a unit
                                                         of Ramboll Fonden,
                                                        merged with ENVIRON
                                                           Holdings Inc, an
                                                            Arlington-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          environmental and
                                                         health consultancy
                                                                  services.
Tervita LLC         Republic Services               Â     Republic Services
                                  Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                             Tervita LLC, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                          provider of waste
                                                             management and
                                                         disposal services,
                                                         from Tervita Corp.
K-SUN Corp           Seiko Epson Corp               Â   Seiko Epson Corp of
                                                       Japan acquired K-SUN
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                             Somerset-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       electronic labelling
                                                         machines, software
                                                              and supplies.
Rudd &                   Shareholders               Â    Rudd & Wisdom Inc,
Wisdom-Division                                             an Austin-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       actuarial consulting
                                                       services, planned to
                                                               spin off its
                                                         insurance software
                                                            division to its
                                                         shareholders. Upon
                                                            completion, the
                                                        spun-off entity was
                                                        to be named QLAdmin
                                                                 Solutions.
Shoes.com Inc                  ShoeMe               Â   ShoeMe Technologies
                     Technologies Ltd                      Ltd of Canada, a
                                                              unit of Hardy
                                                          Capital Partners,
                                                         acquired Shoes.com
                                                                 Inc, a St.
                                                       Louis-based provider
                                                             of online shoe
                                                           retail services,
                                                         from Brown Shoe Co
                                                                       Inc.
Rainstor Inc            Teradata Corp               Â         Teradata Corp
                                                          acquired Rainstor
                                                                 Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                               developer of
                                                             infrastructure
                                                        software for online
                                                         data retention and
                                                        retrieval. Terms of
                                                       the transaction were
                                                             not disclosed.
The Best One Inc      Tiger Media Inc               Â    Tiger Media Inc of
                                                         China definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                        capital of The Best
                                                                One Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                           provider of data
                                                        solutions services,
                                                            in exchange for
                                                         common shares. The
                                                         transaction was to
                                                        include Interactive
                                                                  Data LLC.
Blue Ridge Websoft     Ting Fiber Inc               Â     Ting Fiber Inc, a
LLC                                                     unit of Tucows Inc,
                                                        agreed to acquire a
                                                       70% interest in Blue
                                                          Ridge Websoft LLC
                                                            (dba:Blue Ridge
                                                          InternetWorks), a
                                                       Charlottesville-base
                                                              d provider of
                                                         Internet services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed. The
                                                         transaction was to
                                                        include Fiber Roads
                                                          LLC and Navigator
                                                           Network Services
                                                                       LLC.
Ellis & Ellis LLC      United Capital               Â        United Capital
                   Financial Advisers                    Financial Advisers
                                  LLC                        LLC, a unit of
                                                             United Capital
                                                         Financial Partners
                                                        Inc, acquired Ellis
                                                         & Ellis LLC, a The
                                                            Woodlands-based
                                                        provider of private
                                                            wealth advisory
                                                                  services.
Touchstone Corp     Urban Renaissance               Â     Urban Renaissance
                                Group                       Group of the US
                                                        acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                         Touchstone Corp, a
                                                         Seattle-based real
                                                         estate development
                                                                      firm.
Acute Care Express US Healthworks Inc               Â   US Healthworks Inc,
                                                          a unit of Dignity
                                                           Health, acquired
                                                        Acute Care Express,
                                                           a Columbus-based
                                                          provider of acute
                                                       care services. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Select Chemicals   Wadeco Specialties               Â    Wadeco Specialties
Ltd                               Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                            Hastings Equity
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                            acquired Select
                                                           Chemicals Ltd, a
                                                             Yorktown-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         organic chemicals.
Vidmaker Inc              YouTube Inc               Â   YouTube Inc, a unit
                                                             of Google Inc,
                                                          acquired Vidmaker
                                                       Inc, a Madison-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                        collaborative video
                                                          editing services.
US M&A Seeking                     Â                Â                    Â
Buyer Deals
Announced December
14 - December 19,
2014
Source: Thomson                    Â                Â                    Â
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 17, 1984 Tuesday

28 proposals   are approved,   2 are rejected

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1112 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 28 of 30 foreign
 investment proposals after review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The two proposals rejected were:
    A-Line Products Inc. of Providence, R.I., to establish a new business
 at Hudson, Que., to import, assemble and distribute costume jewelry.

Petroleum Data Corp. of Princeton, N.J., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Mainstem Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 provides data processing services relating to the maintenance of vehicle
 fleets.

Proposals accepted were by:
    ABC Vending Corp. (Canada) Ltd. of Fort Erie, Ont., a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Ogden Food Service Corp. of New York, which is in turn a
 wholly owned subsidiary of Ogden Corp. of New York, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Fortier Associates International Ltd. of Nisku,
 Alta., which provides remote camp management services.

Amari Holdings PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Amari Metals Inc. of Toronto, which operates an aluminum
 service centre catering to independent industrial users.

Armstrong World Industries Canada Ltd. of Montreal, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Armstrong World Industries Inc. of Lancaster, Pa., to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Sonotrol Systems Inc. of
 Toronto, which manufactures acoustic absorption products.

Barrister Information Systems Corp. of Buffalo, N.Y., to establish a
 new business in Toronto to market complementary computer hardware products
 for legal office automation and to provide related consulting services.

Bondex International (Canada) Ltd. of Montreal, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of RPM Inc. of Medina, Ohio, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Testor Co. of Canada Ltd., Toronto, which makes, by
 subcontract, paints that are sold primarily to hobbyists and artists.

Centi-Ingenierie Informatique SA of France, to establish a new business
 in Montreal to provide computer software services for the management of
 port terminals and the detection of customs frauds.

Chatsworth Data Corp. of Chatsworth, Calif., to establish a new
 business at South Burnaby, B.C., to service optical card readers used by
 telephone companies.

Cristallerie Chalet Vie et Art Inc. of St. Zotique, Que., which is
 owned 52 per cent by two Canadian citizens and 48 per cent by two Italian
 citizens, to establish a new business in St. Zotique to make crystal parts
 for crystal chandeliers, glass-blown trinkets and hand-carved glass.

Foote Cone and Belding Communications Inc. of Chicago, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Norman Craig and Kummel in
  Canada Ltd. of Toronto, an advertising agency.

Steven Hanke of Park Rapids, Minn., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Alfred Frank Schroeml and Valerie Ann Schroeml in Ear Falls,
 Ont., known as Walt's English River Camp, a fishing resort.

Harding Poly-Portables Sales Corp. of Troy, Mich., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Rama Moulding Ltd. of Rama, Ont., which
 makes and distributes portable toilets and pedal boats.

Hercules Inc. of Wilmington, Del., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Simmonds Precision Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which repairs,
 services and overhauls aerospace instruments.

Jones Apparel Group Inc. of Bristol, Pa., to establish a new business
 in Ontario to manufacture and distribute women's wearing apparel.

Zainul Abedin Khorasanee of Britain and David Samuels of La Broquerie,
 Man., to establish a new business in the Qu'Appelle Valley of southern
 Saskatchewan to operate a trout fingerling hatchery.

Landegger Industries Inc. of Dover, Del., to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Hydrotile Canada Ltd. of Woodstock, Ont., which
 makes machinery and equipment for the concrete pipe industry, and Black
 Clawson Kennedy Ltd. of Owen Sound, Ont., which makes machinery and
 equipment for the pulp and paper industry.

Leaf Inc. of Finland, which is wholly owned by Huhtamaki Oy of Finland,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Leaf Confections Ltd. of
 Toronto and Confiseries World Wide Confections Inc. of Granby, Que., which
 make and distribute confectioneries.

McDonald's Restaurants of Canada Ltd., Toronto, which is owned by
 McDonald's Restaurant Operations Inc. of Oak Brook, Ill., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Kinell Financial Corp. of St.
 Thomas, Ont., which operates a McDonald's Canada franchised restaurant.

Mitsubishi Electric Sales America Inc. of Rancho Dominguez, Calif.,
 which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi Electric Corp. of Japan,
 to establish a new business in Markham, Ont., to service its numerical
 control equipment.

Naturin-Beteiligungsgesellschaft GmbH of West Germany, to establish a
 new business at Montreal to import and distribute sausage casings.

Prophet and Muskwa Outfitters Inc. of San Antonio, Tex., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Prophet River Outfitters of Trutch,
 B.C., which operates a hunting and fishing camp.

Wade Rudd of Arlington, Tex., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Pharmacon Systems Ltd. of Vancouver, which sells computer
 hardware and software to pharmacies.

Siplast SA of France, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Siplast Canada Inc. of St. Laurent, Que., which distributes roofing and
 waterproofing products made of polymerized bitumen.

Specialty Acquisition Corp. of Richmond, Va., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Ethyl Packaging Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures
 and sells metal cans and tubes and metal and plastic closings for the
 food, beverage, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries.

SPR Enterprise SA of France, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Lionel Nourry (1976) Ltee of Montreal, which provides sandblasting,
 glazing, painting and sheathing work at construction sites.

Transcoject Technologie Transfer und Handelsgesellschaft GmbH and Co.
 KG of West Germany, to establish a new business in Moncton to make and
 distribute disposable syringes and needles.

Tuscarora Acquisition Co. No. 2 Inc. of Rocky Mount, N.C., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by W. T. Rawleigh Co. Ltd. of St.
 Laurent, Que., which sells through Canadian distributors spices, household
 cleaners, vitamins and health care products.

Ulstein Invest AS of Norway, to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Maritime Industries Ltd. of Burnaby, B.C., which makes and markets
 steerable propulsion systems for ships.

Willoughby Associates Inc. of New York, to establish a new business in
 Toronto to provide computer consulting services and to distribute computer
 software packages to the textile, apparel and other industries.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2011 The Financial Post Company
                        Financial Post Corporate Survey

                         Silver Quest Resources Ltd.
                                  Ticker: SQI

                             1410-650 Georgia St W
                                 PO Box 11584
                          Vancouver, BC,    V6B 4N8
                      (604) 687-3959    FAX:(604) 687-1448


CUSIP:        82808P
SIC CODES:    1041  1044
EXCHANGE:     TSX-VEN
TYPE:         Resource
INCORPORATED: British Columbia, Mar. 6, 1962

COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
Has mineral interests in British Columbia, Yukon and Ontario.
In central British Columbia, holds gold-silver prospects including
Capoose, 4,717 hectares, 110 km southwest of Vanderhoof, with indicated
resource of 31,220,000 tonnes grading 0.38 g/t gold and 26.5 g/t silver
at January 2011; adjacent Silver Trend, 3,600 hectares; option to
acquire adjacent JAG, 7 claims; option from North Bay Resources Inc. to
earn 75% interest in nearby Fawn and Buck, totaling 407 hectares; nearby
3Ts, 3,164 hectares, consisting of Tsacha, Tam, Taken and Tommy Lake
properties, with option to acquire an additional 3,225 hectares; nearby
Rusty Creek; and 25% interest (Richfield Ventures Corp. 75%) in nearby
Davidson, 891 hectares. Also holds option to acquire Chuchi North gold
prospect, 5,212 hectares, 200 km northwest of Prince George; and option
from Paget Minerals Corp. to acquire Buck gold prospect, 3,755 hectares,
and will be incorporated into the company's Capoose prospect. At
September 2011, indicated resource (100%) at Davidson was 77,929,000
tonnes grading 0.89 g/t gold and 4.1 g/t silver.
In Yukon, holds option to acquire CC, TAK, CCR (Sizzler) and VO gold
prospects, totaling 3,875 hectares, 90 to 140 km south-southeast of
Dawson City; Birdman, CDN/CAD, Citlec, EMC, Gemini, Hanna, Ladue,
Matson, Moose, Dozen and Wolf Creek prospects, totaling 234 claims,
Dawson City area; option from Kiska Metals Corporation and Northgate
Minerals Corporation to acquire Boulevard gold prospect, 4,975 hectares,
135 km south of Dawson City, requiring exploration expenditures of
$3,000,000 by 2014;80 claims, 1,670 hectares, contiguous to Boulevard;
option from Tarsis Resources Ltd. to earn up to 70% interest in
Prospector Mountain gold-silver-copper prospect, 4,996 hectares, 90 km
northwest of Carmacks, requiring exploration expenditures of $4,000,000
by 2014 to earn an initial 60% interest; option to acquire Rude Creek
property, 316 quartz mineral claims covering 6,400 hectares, 140 km
northwest of Carmacks; option to acquire Poker property, 75 quartz
mineral claims covering 1,560 hectares, 140 km northwest of Carmacks;
option to acquire Bouvette property, 1,960 hectares, 55 km northeast of
Keno City; and option to acquire WIT prospect, 6,340 hectares, 30 km
north of Keno City.
In northwestern Ontario, holds option to acquire Slate Falls gold
prospect, 768 hectares, 120 km north of Sioux Lookout, as well as an
adjacent 800 hectares; and Minnitaki gold prospect, 20 km southwest of
Sioux Lookout.
Recent Merger and Acquisition Activity
Revised:   2011-10-17
Announced:   2011-10-17
Status:   pending
UPDATE: New Gold agreed to acquire Silver Quest Resources under a
definitive agreement on the basis of 0.09 New Gold common shares and
$0.001 cash for every Silver Quest share held and one common share of
newly formed Independence Gold Corp. (formerly referred to as McIntyre
Minerals Inc.) for every three Silver Quest shares held. On closing, New
Gold would acquire from Silver Quest the 25% interest not already held
in the Davidson property of the Blackwater project and 100% interest in
the Capoose prospect, 25 km west of Blackwater, both B.C. New Gold would
acquire 9.9% interest in Independence Gold through a Cdn$3,500,000
private placement, with Silver Quest shareholders holding the remaining
90.1%. The transaction was unanimously approved by both boards of
directors, with directors and officers of Silver Quest tendering their
7.7% interest on a fully diluted basis to the bid. A Cdn$5,000,000 break
fee was payable by Silver Quest under certain circumstances. PREVIOUS:
New Gold Inc. agreed to acquire Silver Quest Resources Ltd. on the basis
of 0.09 New Gold common shares for every Silver Quest share held and one
common share of newly formed McIntyre Minerals Inc. for every three
Silver Quest shares held. The offer valued Silver Quest at Cdn$1.32 per
share for a total value of Cdn$156,000,000.

FISCAL YEAR END: 28

TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE: S&P/TSE COMPOSITE INDICATOR: No
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE CODE:    15104030
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE GROUP:   Gold

FINANCIAL POST RANKINGS: FP 500:          No

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES:  Wholly Owned Subsidiaries - Golden Pavilion Resources
Ltd., B.C.;
Silver Quest (US) Ltd., Nev.
 Investments - New Gold Inc., Vancouver, B.C.

EXECUTIVES: Randy C. Turner
president, chief executive officer & Director, North Vancouver, B.C.
Louis G. Montpellier
corporate secretary & Director, Vancouver, B.C.
Dr. John A. McDonald
Director, Vancouver, B.C.
Robert J. (Rob) McLeod
Director, Vancouver, B.C.
Michael R. J. McPhie
Director, Delta, B.C.
Mark J. Morabito
Director, North Vancouver, B.C.
Yale R. Simpson
Director, West Vancouver, B.C.
John Christopher Mitchell
chief financial officer
David Pawliuk
vice-president, exploration

STOCK DATA:                           Authorized (shs.) Outstanding (shs.)
Par
Common                            unlimited           108825688      ...
 At July 29, 2011

OWNERSHIP: Widely held as at Sept. 10, 2010.

TRANSFER AGENT: Computershare Trust Company of Canada, Vancouver, B.C.

EARNINGS AND FINANCES: Periods ended: .....................12M 2011-02-28
12M 2010-02-28
.....................................        $000s               $000s
Deprec., depl. & amort...........            5                   1
Investment income....................            2                   3
Write-downs/write-offs...............         -786                  -7
Pre-tax income.......................        -3471               -1064
Income taxes.........................        -1464                -550
Net inc. bef. disc. opers............        -2007                -514
Net inc. bef. ext. items.............        -2007                -514
Net income...........................        -2007                -514
Net inc. for equity hldrs............        -2007                -514
Net inc. for com. shldrs.............        -2007                -514
Current assets.......................         8681                2499
Fixed assets, net....................          nil                   5
Explor./devel. properties............        13842                6327
Total assets.........................        22562                8857
Current liabilities..................          513                 182
Shareholders' equity.................        21966                8675
Cash flow from oper. activs..........        -1022                -447
Net cash position....................         8057                2369
Audit fees...........................          ...                  28
Other auditor fees...................          ...                  10
.....................................            $                   $
Earns. per sh. bef. disc. opers....         -0.03               -0.01
Earns. per sh. bef. ext. items.....         -0.03               -0.01
Earnings per share.................         -0.03               -0.01
Cash flow per share..................        -0.01               -0.01
.....................................          shs                 shs
No. of shs. o/s......................     92696633            58949039
Avg. no. of shs. o/s.................     77604573            42631094
.....................................            %                   %
Return on equity.....................       -13.10               -7.32
Return on assets.....................       -12.77               -7.20
 Common
HISTORICAL SUMMARY
Year End               Oper. Rev.      Net Inc. Bef. Disc.       EPS
                             $000                     $000          $
2011                          nil                    -2007      -0.03
2010                          nil                     -514      -0.01
2009                          nil                    -2597      -0.08
2008                          nil                     -417      -0.02
2007                          nil                     -586      -0.03
 Common

PRICING: Price Range
SQI/TSX-VEN
Year                             High            Low          Close
2010...                         $1.05         $0.255          $0.61
2009...                        $0.425         $0.035         $0.415
2008...                        $0.375         $0.015          $0.05
2007...                         $0.74          $0.18          $0.25
2006...                         $0.75         $0.305          $0.63
2005...                        $0.625           $0.2          $0.38
2004...                        $0.385          $0.09          $0.11
2003...                         $0.35         $0.085          $0.33
2002...                         $0.37          $0.07           $0.2
2001...                         $0.32          $0.04          $0.06
1-for-5 cons. in Dec. 2005

CAPITAL CHANGES: In August 2010, private placement of 5,708,332 flow-through
common
shares at 75 per share and 5,721,155 units (1 common share & warrant)
at 65 per unit was completed. In December 2010, private placement of
2,542,832 flow-through common shares at 75 per share was completed.
Also during fiscal 2011, common shares were issued as follows: 100,000
as a donation, 2,301,000 for mineral properties, 16,292,275 on exercise
of warrants and 1,082,000 on exercise of options.
In July 2011, private placement of 4,364,952 flow-through common shares
at $1.15 per share and 7,300,000 units (1 common share & warrant) at
$1.00 per unit was completed, with warrants exercisable at $1.30 per
share for 18 months.

AUDITOR: Davidson & Company LLP, C.A., Vancouver, B.C.

LENGTH: 843 words

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011


                              127 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                     May 8, 1989, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MOTIVATION PROGRAM KEYED TO GOAL-SETTING

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 814 words


Motivation is defined as a reason for acting.  Motivation also is one of the
most popular, and occasionally one of the most controversial, topics for
employee training.  One local company offering such training is the Acquire
Corp., which is based in north St. Louis County. Acquire, which bills itself as
an educational and motivational training company, has been in business since
1986.  The company says that it unlocks human potential by effecting positive
changes in attitude.  Courses are designed to tap latent leadership
capabilities, enhance management performance and encourage goal setting, time
management and effective selling.  Acquire uses materials distributed by SMI
International of Waco, Texas.  Several major companies, including the Big Three
automakers, have hired Acquire to train employees.  President Tony Hitt said the
Acquire program is built around goal-setting.  ''Any time you start setting
goals and having small successes that lead to large successes, it motivates
you,'' he said.  Hitt said people are motivated in three ways: through fear, by
incentives and by attitudes. He said attitude motivation was best because it
comes from within.  ''That's long-lasting because you're controlling it
yourself,'' he said.  Hitt said Acquire teaches nothing revolutionary.
''Basically, these are the same principles that companies have been using for
years,'' he said. ''We don't show you how to become successful. We give you
tools to make yourself successful.'' Goal-setting should be taught in school,
Hitt said. He said most people spend more time planning annual vacations than
planning the next year of their lives. Acquire training involves a 6- to 12-week
series of classes led by Acquire instructors. Audio cassettes and written
material supplement the classes.  The programs ar e done inside companies, but
in June Acquire will offer public training programs for the first time.  Acquire
says its instructors help participants discover their priorities in life so that
they can permanently change their habits and live with the changes.  Some of the
more controversial methods involved in the motivational training are
affirmations and visualization.  For someone trying to lose weight, an
affirmation exercise might be to repeatedly say, ''I am a slender person.'' In
visualization, that person would post a photograph or use his or her imagination
to see himself or herself at the target weight. The same techniques are applied
to business goals.  ''That is very hard for a lot of people to believe,'' Hitt
said. ''A lot of people don't want to believe things will work.'' Reputation is
important in training, Hitt said. He said the industry was full of people who
offer ''seminars, self-help and feel good'' programs. To succeed, ''you're going
to have to have a name,'' he said.  He said most companies hire Acquire to
increase employee motivation, to boost self-confidence or to help revive a sales
team that is dragging.  ''I guess what most companies are looking for is someone
to help them focus.'' Marketing director Kurt Wulff said companies need an
outsider to see problems that cannot be seen from within. ''If you're inside
there, you may not see the problem no matter how hard you look,'' Wulff said.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              128 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            Copyright 2015. SeeNews.
                              All Rights Reserved.
                www.seenews.com | www.world.seenews.com; e-mail:
                              editor@seenews.com.

                            SeeNews Company Profiles

                                  October 2015

                                  Sopharma AD

                            16, Iliensko Shose Str.
                                   Sofia 1220
                                    Bulgaria

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +359 2 405 56 52, +359 2 405 52 00, +359 2 813 42 00, +359 2 813 42
53, +359 2 405 55 23, +359 2 813 45 23, +359 2 405 55 53, +359 2 813 45 53, +359
2 405 58 90, +359 2 813 48 90
FAX: +359 2 936 02 86, +359 2 813 41 41, +359 2 405 51 41
URL: www.sopharma.bg
E-MAIL: mail@sopharma.bg, ir@sopharma.bg

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: January 1, 1933
LEGAL FORM: Joint Stock Company

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



SUBSIDIARIES
NAME                                 PERCENTAGE
Hidroizomat AD                       10.65
Sopharma USA JSC                     100
Sopharma Ukraine LLC                 100
Sopharma Trading AD                  71.82
Electroncommerce EOOD                100
Ivancic i Sinovi D.O.O.              51
Pharmalogistica AD                   76.54
Vitamina AD                          99.56
Briz OOD                             66.13
Biopharm Engineering AD              97.15
Extab Corporation                    80
Sopharma Warsaw Sp.z.o.o.            100
Sopharma Buildings REIT              40.75
Unipharm AD                          49.99
Sopharma Poland Sp.z.o.o.            60
Bulgarian Rose-Sevtopolis AD         49.99
Medica AD                            33.71
Momina Krepost AD                    80.16

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



Board of Directors
NAME                     POSITION
Ognian Ivanov Donev      Chairman of the Board
                         and CEO
Vesela Liubenova Stoeva  Deputy-Chairman of the
                         Board
Aleksandar Viktorov      Member of the Board
Chaushev
Andrey Liudmilov         Member of the Board
Breshkov
Ognian Kirilov Palaveev  Member of the Board




Executive Board
NAME                     POSITION
Pelagiya Stefanova       IR Officer
Viyacheva

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE: Pharmaceuticals
COMPANY HISTORY: 1933 - Bulgarian business organisation Balgarsko Aptekarsko
Kooperativno Druzhestvo establishes the first drug producing laboratory in
Sofia, Bulgaria.
1942 - The drug producing laboratory of Balgarsko Aptekarsko Kooperativno
Druzhestvo transforms into pharmaceutical factory Galenus.
1953 - Galenus is nationalised and changes its name to Himiko-farmatsevtichen
Zavod.
Feb 27, 1990 - State-owned pharmaceutical company Pharmatsia AD, Dupnitsa,
Bulgaria, establishes its pharmaceutical subsidiary Sopharma, with a capital of
BGL 34,061,000, based in Sofia, Bulgaria.
June 28, 1991 - State-owned company DF Sopharma is established in Sofia as a
successor of Pharmatsia's subsidiary Sopharma, assuming its assets and
liabilities.
Nov 15, 1991 - DF Sopharma transforms into a limited liability company with a
subscribed capital of BGL 175,659,000.
Apr 14, 1994 - Sopharma EOOD transforms into a joint stock company, fully owned
by the state, with a subscribed capital of BGL 928,171,000.
May 18, 1995 - Sopharma AD and other companies establish consortium
Pharmindustria AD in Razgrad, northeastern Bulgaria, in which Sopharma AD has a
12.5% stake. The newly founded company specialises in market research.
June 25, 1996 - Sopharma EAD takes over Sofia-based Nivalinpharma EOOD, engaged
in research and development of phytochemicals.
Apr 25, 1997 - Sopharma AD establishes U.S.-based Sopharma USA JSC, involved in
trade in pharmaceuticals and food supplements.
Dec 31, 1997 - A total of 10.02% of Sopharma AD is privatised via mass
privatisation.
1998 - Sopharma AD increases its subscribed capital to BGL 942,717,000 from BGL
928,171,000.
May 10, 1999 - Sopharma AD lists on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange.
June 25, 1999 - The Bulgarian Privatisation Agency sells a 67% stake in Sopharma
AD to Irish Nova Technology Company Ltd for USD 32 mln. Later the privatisation
contract is cancelled as Nova Technology Company Ltd fails to pay the contracted
amount.
July 27, 2000 - The Bulgarian Privatisation Agency sells 66.94% in Sopharma to
pharmaceutical producer Elpharma AD, Sofia, for USD 24 mln.
Mar 9, 2001 - Sopharma AD increases its subscribed capital to BGN 6.0 mln from
BGN 942,717.
July 27, 2001 - The company acquires a 51% stake in drug producer
Rostbalkanpharm ZAO, Russia.
Nov 27 2001 - The Bulgarian Privatisation Agency sells the remaining 16.32% in
Sopharma AD on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange.
July 25, 2002 - The Bulgarian Privatisation Agency sells 100% stake in
pharmaceutical trade company Pharmachim Holding EAD, Sofia, and a 45.89% stake
in Sofia-based NIHFI AD, engaged in research and development of pharmaceuticals,
to Sopharma AD.
Aug 15, 2002 - The company acquires a 63.68% stake in trade company
Pharmalogistika AD, Sofia.
Jan 24, 2003 - Sopharma AD acquires a 51% stake in pharmaceutical maker Vramed
AD, in Vrabevo, central Bulgaria. In 2005 Sopharma AD sells its stake in Vramed
AD.
July 15, 2003 - Sopharma increases its subscribed capital to BGN 66 mln from BGN
6.0 mln.
Oct 16, 2003 - The company acquires a 60% stake in Polish pharmaceutical trading
company Sopharma Poland Sp z.o.o.
Apr 7, 2004 - The Bulgarian Privatisation Agency sells 100% of Medikoaparaturen
Zavod, part of medical equipment supplier Meditsinska Technika EAD, Sofia, to
Sopharma AD for BGN 840,000.
Apr 22, 2004 - Sopharma AD acquires a 49% stake in Balgarska Roza-Sevtopolis AD,
a pharmaceutical and cosmetics producer, based in Kazanlak, Bulgaria. In 2007
the company raises its stake in Balgarska Roza-Sevtopolis AD to 49.058%.
Oct 25, 2004 - The company decreases its stake in Pharmalogistica AD to 43.50%
from 63.68%.
Jan 14, 2005 - Sopharma AD acquires a 9.0% stake in pharmaceutical wholesaler
Global Medical OOD, Sofia, which is liquidated in 2007.
Mar 10, 2006- Sopharma AD acquires infusion solution producer Biopharm
Engineering AD, in Sliven, Bulgaria. Mar 29, 2005 - Sopharma AD acquires a 9.99%
stake in pharmaceutical wholesaler Sanita Trading AD, Sofia.
Feb 21, 2005 - The company acquires a 9.99% stake in pharmaceutical wholesaler
Kaliman RT AD, in Sofia and a 9.99% stake in pharmaceutical retailer
Ceiba-Apteki i Drogerii AD, in Sofia.
July 29, 2005 - Sopharama lists its three-year corporate bonds with a total
value of BGN 5.0 mln on the Official Bond Markets of the Bulgarian Stock
Exchange.
Aug 9, 2005 - The Bulgarian Privatisation Agency sells a 100% stake in
radioactive materials trading company Elektronkomers EOOD, Sofia, to Sopharma AD
for BGN 190,000.
Oct 13, 2005 - Sopharma AD increases its stake in NIHFI AD to 100%.
Jan 31, 2006 - Gramercy Emerging Market Fund, based on the Cayman Islands,
acquires a 7.58% stake in Sopharma AD.
Mar 24, 2006 - Sopharma AD and other companies establish real estate investment
trust Sopharma Imoti REIT, Sofia, in which Sopharma holds a 4.5% stake.
Apr 19, 2006 - Sofia-based construction company Telekomplekt AD acquires a
15.76% stake in Sopharma AD.
Apr 20, 2006 - Elpharma AD sells 48.77% in Sopharma AD. Sofia-based construction
company Telekomplekt AD acquires a 15.76% stake in Sopharma AD, trade company
Telso AD, Sofia buys a 16.77% stake and Sofia-based commercial bank Sofia AD
acquires 16.24%.
Apr 25, 2006 - Elpharma AD sells further 8.33% in Sopharma AD to construction
company Sofstroy AD, Sofia.
May 3, 2006 - Elpharma AD sells another 12.12% in Sopharma AD to Sofia AD and
Telekomplekt AD, which increase their stakes to 25.51% and 21.92%, respectively.

May 16, 2006 - Elpharma sells further 6.97% in Sopharma AD to Telso AD, which
raises its stake to 24.23%.
June 28, 2006 - Sopharma AD decreases its stake in Sopharma Imoti REIT to 3.46%
from 4.5%.
Oct 26, 2006 - Sopharma AD increases its subscribed capital to BGN 132 mln from
BGN 66 mln.
Nov 9, 2006 - Sopharma AD acquires 28.4% in consultancy company Fintesco AD,
Sofia. Later Fintesco AD changes its name to Sopharma Logistica AD.
Dec 27, 2006 - Sopharma AD acquires 70%  in chemical producer Mineralkomers AD,
in Stara Zagora.
2006 - The company acquires further 68.73% in Sanita Trading AD, raising its
stake to 78.72%. Later Sanita Trading changes its name to Sopharma Trading AD.
June 1, 2007 - Sopharma AD acquires 10.29% in medical devices producer Momina
Krepost AD, Veliko Tarnovo, central Bulgaria, increasing its stake to 17.32%.
June 20, 2007 - Sopharma AD raises its stake in Sopharma Trading AD to 99.62%.
Aug 14, 2007 - Sopharma AD and other companies establish Sopharma Buildings
REIT. Sopharma AD holds 10% in the newly founded company.
Sep 27, 2007 - Sopharma and Polish pharmaceutical company Natur Produkt Zdrovit
Spz o.o. establish Sopharma Zdrovit Spz o.o, in Poland, in which Sopharma holds
50.01%.
Oct 1, 2007 - The executive board of Sopharma AD approves the company's listing
on the Warsaw Stock Exchange.
October 2007 - Sopharma AD acquires a 50% stake in OAO Vitaminy, Ukraine,
engaged in enzymatic agents production.
October 2007 - Sopharma acquires 0.77% in drug producer Olainfarm AS, Latvia.
Nov 29, 2007 - The company increases its stake in Momina Krepost AD to 44.77%.
Feb 7, 2008 - Sopharma AD acquires 1.55% in Medica AD, a manufacturer of medical
dressing materials, based in Sandanski, southwestern Bulgaria, and raises its
stake to 90%.
Feb 7, 2008 - Sopharma AD increases its stake in Doverie Obedinen Holding to
23.44%.
Feb 21, 2008 - The company raises its stake in Momina Krepost to 48.27%.
Februray 2008 - Sopharma AD raises its stake in OAO Vitaminy to 74.14%.
Mar 12, 2008 - Sopharma AD acquires 5.01% in textile company Maritsateks AD,
Plovdiv.
Mar 26, 2008 - Sopharma AD acquires a 51% stake in Serbian pharmaceutical
producer Ivancic i Sinovi D.O.O.
November 2010 - Sopharma AD sets up the wholly owned subsidiary Sopharma Warsaw
Sp. z o.o. in Warsaw, the capital of Poland. The newly established company sells
Sopharma AD's products in Poland.
January 2011 - Bulgaria's Commission on Protection of Competition approved
Sopharma AD gaining full control over local peer Unipharm AD.
Nov 28, 2011 - The company lists on the Warsaw Stock Exchange.
Jan 31, 2012 - Sopharma's subsidiary Briz OOD buys 18% of OOO Vivaton Plus
(Belarus). By the end of 2012 the total share - direct and indirect - of
Sopharma in the company increases to 50%.
Jun 14, 2012 - Sopharma buys 6,149 shares in Maritsateks AD and increases its
share in the capital of the company to 6.20%.
Jul 17, 2012 - Sopharma increases its share in Doverie United Holding AD to
18.7% from 14.97%.
Jan 23, 2013 - Financial Consultancy Company EOOD sells 4,053,002 shares in
Sopharma AD and reduces its share in the company to 9.62%. Donev Investment
Holding acquires 2,982,666 shares in Sopharma and increases its share to 26.79%.

Feb 18, 2013 - Sopharma sells 1.105 million shares in Sopharma Trading AD and
reduces its share to 77.77%.
Mar 21, 2013 - Sopharma acquires 770 new shares in Momina Krepost AD and
increases its share in the capital of the company to 50.01%.
June 2013 - The company reduces its share in Doverie United Holding AD to 9.9%
from 18.7%.
November 2014 - Sopharma AD acquires another 13% in local drug producer Medica
AD. In March 2015 Sopharma AD acquires another 6.0% in Medica AD.
February 2015 - The company subsidiary Bulgarian Rose-Sevtopolis AD merges into
Sopharma AD and ceases to exist.
Mar 6, 2015 - The company acquires 458,250 new shares in Momina Krepost AD and
increases its share in the capital of the company to 80.09%.
Last updated on Sep 18, 2015.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES: Sopharma AD's product portfolio includes generic and
branded drugs for human medicine, as well as pharmaceutical active substances in
compliance with the international Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) quality
standards. The company's prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) drugs for
almost all pharmacotherapeutic groups include:

     ·    solid-dose drugs - tablets and capsules;
     ·    galenic drugs - suppositories, drops, syrups and ointments;
     ·    parenteral drugs - injection solutions and lyophilised products.


In 2012 it introduced three new products - Vitamin C- ampoules 2.0 ml and 5.0
ml, Sopral ampoules, Neurelax tablets.
In 2011 the company introduced seven new products: Siafen oral suspension,
Siafen gel, Dehidrazid tablets, Talert tablets, Talert syrup and food additives
- Bodunoff tablets Neurelaks syrup.
CAPACITY: In Bulgaria, Sopharma AD owns six production facilities, four of which
are located in Sofia and the remaining two in Kazanlak, central Bulgaria, and
Vrabevo, northern Bulgaria. Sopharma AD operates two warehouses as well as
logistics centers. It has also three plants in Russia, Ukraine and Serbia.
In June 2013 Sopharma AD put in exploitation a new tablets factory in Sofia. The
plant covers 21,280 sq m, while the laboratory and administrative complex are
situated on an area of 5,000 sq m. The capacity of the factory is 4.0 billion
tablets per year.
In June 2012 the company purchased seven new trucks Mercedes.
In 2010 Sopharma AD opened laboratories for physicochemical tests on a total
built-up area of 600 sq m.
The ampoule producing plant in Sofia, operational since end-2003, is the sole
plant for production of ampoules for human medicine in Bulgaria. It covers a
total of 8,000 sq m and has an annual production capacity of 160 million
ampoules. In 2007 Sopharma upgraded the plant and doubled its annual production
capacity. The company installed:

     ·    a fully automated filling and capping line with a capacity of 24,000
          ampoules per hour; it is equipped with sterility ensuring Restricted
          Access Barrier System (RABS), manufactured by German Robert Bosch
          GmbH;
     ·    three fully automated autoclaves, manufactured by Swedish medical
          equipment manufacturer Getinge Fedegari AB;
     ·    a fully automated line for quality control of filled ampoules;
     ·    a labelling machine with additional protection mechanism against
          counterfeit;
     ·    an air-conditioning system in compliance with the requirements for
          production of sterile drugs.


Sopharma AD's suppositories producing plant in Sofia was put into operation in
2005. The facility covers 890 sq m and produces 15,000 packages a year. It is
equipped with special ventilation systems and a purified water system.
Sopharma AD opened a new plant for production of pharmaceutical active
substances of vegetable origin in Kazanlak in April 2008. Its built-up area
stands at 16,000 sq m and its annual production capacity is 1.0 billion tablets.

In 2007 the company bought 960 sq m property in Sofia, including a three-storey
pharmaceutical centre with 453 sq m built-up area.
In April 2006 Sopharma opened representative offices in Serbia and  Montenegro.
In 2005 Sopharma opened a new packaging plant in Kazanlak, as well as a
warehouse with 6,400 sq m built-up area.
Sopharma AD installed mySAP EPR information system in December 2005,
manufactured by German software solutions provider SAP AG.
In 2003 Sopharma AD opened a new plant in Vrabevo, with a 6,000 sq m area. It
operates with annual capacity of:

     ·    2.0 billion tablets;
     ·    20 million units of syrups;
     ·    30 million units of ointments.


Sopharma AD owns the only industrial stationary source of irradiation (Cobalt
60) in Bulgaria. The company's irradiation equipment is produced by the leading
radioisotope technology producer MDS Nordion, Canada.
Sopharma uses as prime and raw materials:

     ·    active substances: Analgin, Ranitidine, Buscolysin, Cinnarizine,
          Amikacin, Gentamicin;
     ·    fillings: lactose, starch, sugar;
     ·    herbs: goathead, yellow poppy.


The main suppliers in 2012 included Telecomplekt AD - 15% share of total
expenses for supplies, and Bulgarian Rose-Sevtopolis AD - 10.3% share.
MARKET AND SALES: Sopharma AD holds licences for production of medicines, issued
by the Bulgarian Drug Agency in 2008.
The company's sales revenue decreased by 21% on the year in the first quarter of
2015. According by Sopharma AD's exported data, its domestic sales went up by an
annual 20% in January-March, while exports dropped by 35%.
In its 2014 edition Bulgarian business information provider SeeNews ranked
Sopharma AD 33rd in terms of market capitalisation among the 100 largest listed
companies in southeastern Europe (http://top100.seenews.com/).
The company reported a decrease of 4.0% in its sales revenues in the first ten
months of 2014, compared to the same period of the previous year.
Sopharma AD reported consolidated total revenue of BGN 762.7 mln and
consolidated net profit of BGN 32.6 mln in the first three months of 2014.
The company's sales revenue in 2013 increased to BGN 216 mln, 3.0% higher
compared to 2012. The rise on the domestic market was 7.0%, while exports grew
by 1.0% year-on-year.
Sopharma AD Sales by Market (mln BGN) - Non-consolidated
Year     Export          Domestic market                   Total
2014     137.955         63.501                            201.456
2013     153.066         62.988                            216.054
2012     150.942         59.349                            210.291
2011     144.398         65.449                            209.847
2010     145.749         63.310                            209.059
2009     122.025         64.335                            186.360
2008     105.098         61.755                            166.853



Sopharma AD Sales by Market (mln BGN) - Non-consolidated
Year     Export          Domestic market                   Total
2014     137.955         63.501                            201.456
2013     153.066         62.988                            216.054
2012     150.942         59.349                            210.291
2011     144.398         65.449                            209.847
2010     145.749         63.310                            209.059
2009     122.025         64.335                            186.360
2008     105.098         61.755                            166.853



Sopharma AD Sales by Market (mln BGN) - Non-consolidated
Year     Export          Domestic market                   Total
2014     137.955         63.501                            201.456
2013     153.066         62.988                            216.054
2012     150.942         59.349                            210.291
2011     144.398         65.449                            209.847
2010     145.749         63.310                            209.059
2009     122.025         64.335                            186.360
2008     105.098         61.755                            166.853



As of end-July 2013 Sopharma AD had 524 registered trademarks in the Patent
Office of Republic of Bulgaria.
The main clients of the company in 2012 included Sopharma Trading AD - 28% of
total sales revenues, Delta Sales Corporation - 33%, and OAO Vitamini - 18%.
In June 2012 Sopharma became member of the executive body of the European
Generic medicines Association (EGA).
In 2007 Sopharma AD and its partner U.K. drug producer GlaxoSmithKline PLC
launched bronchial asthma drug Flixotide. The company started offering also food
supplements - Holotropic and anti-fungal drug Ternafin. In the same year
Sopharma registered two drugs abroad - nicotine dependence treatment drug Tabex
in Serbia and injection solution Methylprednisolone in Turkey.
In 2006 Sopharma AD assumed the exclusive commercial and marketing rights and
commitments on the products of Wyeth Consumer Healthcare, USA. Sopharma acquired
also the licence and the rights to manufacture and sell in Bulgaria a range of
12 food supplements of the leading South African company Holotropic Ltd.
At the beginning of 2005 Sopharma signed partnership agreements for research and
development of seven new products with pharmaceutical producers Novartis
International AG, Switzerland and Janssen-Cilag Ltd, the UK.
INVESTMENTS: In June 2013 Sopharma AD put in exploitation its new factory in
Sofia. The construction of the facility was launched in 2007 and the total worth
of the project was estimated at BGN 75 mln. The purchase of some of the
machineries, valued at BGN 4.0 mln, was funded by the EU project for boosting
competitiveness.
In March 2012 the Sopharma opened a corporative kindergarten, covering a total
area of 253 sq m. The investment worth BGN 0.3 mln.
On September 28, 2011 Sopharma AD, together with its Serbian partner - Ivancic i
Sinovi opened a new solid dosage forms factory with a 5.0 mln packs annual
capacity. The company invested EUR 8.0 mln in this project.
In February 2011 Sopharma AD announced it will buy new equipment worth EUR 4.1
mln under an EU-cofinanced project. The project, for which the EU will grant EUR
2.05 mln, envisages the purchase of state-of-the-art equipment for a new tablets
production unit. The project should be completed by 2013. The production unit
will be part of a plant for solid drug forms in Sofia.
In December 2010 Sopharma AD launched the construction of a EUR 37.8 mln plant
for solid drug forms in Sofia. The plant's annual capacity will be 4.0 billion
tablets and it will produce more than 100 pharmaceutical products, which will be
sold both on the domestic market and abroad. The plant will be put into
operation in mid-2012.
In September 2010 Sopharma AD started the construction of a EUR 8.0 mln
pharmaceuticals factory in Serbia's northern province of Vojvodina. The factory
will manufacture drugs in tablet form and will employ 110. The plant is expected
to be completed in 2012 and will have a total built-up area of 5,700 sq m. The
factory's annual production capacity will be 80 million sachets, 22 million
blisters, 400 million tablets, 70 million capsules, 50 million multimode
packages and 50,000 multidose packages.
The company opened a BGN 5.0 mln plant for production of pharmaceutical active
substances in April 2008.
In the period 2000-2007 the company invested a total of EUR 6.0 mln in the
reconstruction of its ampoule producing plant in Sofia, twice above the
initially planned investments.
Sopharma AD invested EUR 3.0 mln in equipment, provided by German company Robert
Bosch GmbH and Swedish medical equipment manufacturer Getinge Fedegari AB in
April 2006. In 2006 The company invested EUR 6.0 mln in upgrading its
facilities.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2014




Bulgarian Lev (BGN)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2013
NON-CURRENT-ASSETS                 370,037,000     358,109,000     384,502,000
CURRENT-ASSETS                     188,127,000     191,027,000     398,286,000
INVENTORIES                         54,047,000      50,083,000     139,596,000
TRADE-AND-OTHER-RECEIVABLES        131,145,000     131,415,000     229,865,000
CASH-AND-EQUIVALENTS                 2,935,000       8,198,000      27,156,000
TOTAL-ASSETS                       561,109,000     549,136,000     782,788,000
TOTAL-EQUITY                       394,820,000     369,686,000     358,598,000
CAPITAL                            132,000,000     132,000,000     132,000,000
NON-CURRENT-LIABILITIES             38,006,000      57,987,000      72,245,000
CURRENT-LIABILITIES                124,925,000     121,463,000     297,768,000
TOTAL-LIABILITIES                  166,289,000     179,450,000     370,013,000
NUMBER-OF-EMPLOYEES                      1,815           1,795           4,122
NET-SALES-REVENUE                  206,630,000     237,343,000     769,802,000
TOTAL-REVENUE                      248,971,000     247,583,000     777,882,000
TOTAL-EXPENSES                     220,066,000     209,560,000     740,065,000
NET-PROFIT-FOR-THE-PERIOD           26,531,000      33,661,000      29,248,000
OPERATING-PROFIT                    20,885,000      45,837,000      55,037,000
ROE                                       6.72            9.11            8.16
ROA                                       4.73            6.13            3.74
ROIC                                      8.47            7.06             3.7
OPERATING-MARGIN                          8.85           19.31            7.15
NET-PROFIT-MARGIN                        12.84           14.18             3.8
TOTAL-LIABILITIES-ASSETS                 29.04           32.68           47.27
TOTAL-LIABILITIES-EQUITY                 41.27           48.54          103.18
CURRENT-LIQUIDITY-RATIO                   1.51            1.57            1.34
QUICK-RATIO                               0.02            0.07            0.09
FIXED-ASSETS-TURNOVER-RATIO               0.56            0.66               2
EBIT                               36925000.00        30209000        17943000
EBITDA                             61184000.00        41925000        44162000

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *



SHAREHOLDERS
NAME                                 PERCE
                                     NTAGE
Individuals                          3.09
Telekomplekt AD                      20.42
Donev Investments Holding AD         25.27
Others                               32.8
Romfarm Company OOD                  18.42

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015


                              129 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 15, 1982 Wednesday

FIRA approves 30 proposals; disallows one

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1219 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The Foreign Investment Review Agency has approved 30
 foreign investment proposals and disallowed one.

Approved were proposals by:
    Canada West Indies Molasses Co. Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Tate and Lyle PLC of London, a publicly owned British
 company, to acquire control of Prairie Liquid Feeds Ltd. of High River,
 Alta., which manufactures liquid feed supplements.

Delta Dore SA of France, to establish a business at Montreal initially
 to distribute in Canada and in the United States and eventually to
 manufacture electronic equipment for residential and industrial energy-
 saving applications.

Dicomed Corp. of Minneapolis to establish a business at Toronto to
 market and service Dicomed products sold in Canada.

Ekona Inc. of Bellevue, Wash., to establish a business at Ottawa to do
 consulting engineering.
    523073 Ontario Ltd. of Toronto, equally owned by two resident Canadians
 and two residents of Hong Kong, to acquire control of Central Garments
 Ltd. of Toronto, which manufactures sportswear, including jogging suits,
 golf shirts and T-shirts.

Gaming Systems Corp. of Providence, R.I., to acquire control of Rank
 Peripherals of Canada Ltd. of St. Laurent, Que., which manufactures
 turnkey, computer-based totalizator systems for race tracks and other
 parimutuel wagering operations.

Gibbs Wire and Steel Co. Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., owned by Gibbs Wire
 and Steel Co. Inc. of Southington, Conn., to acquire control of Randall
 Roy Metals and Wire Ltd. of Toronto, which warehouses, processes and
 distributes metals.

Gilmore Tatge Mfg. Co. Inc. of Clay Centre, Kan., to establish a
 business at Winnipeg to distribute grain dryers and grain cleaners.

Inert Welding and Mfg. Co. of Richmond, Mich., to establish a business
 at Sarnia, Ont., to perform specialty welding of high performance metals.

Inter Friction Canada Inc. of Ville d'Anjou, Que., equally owned by
 92222 Canada Ltd. of Montreal and Inter-Invest Corp. of Liberia, to
 establish a business at Montreal to manufacture and sell friction
 materials, particularly drum brake shoe linings for cars and light trucks.

J. Bibby and Sons Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of Furmanite
 Canada Ltd. of Burlington, which provides a service involving the sealing
 of steam, water, gas and other leaks in industrial systems in power
 generating stations, pulp and paper mills and refineries.

Kai Yau Choi of Hong Kong to acquire control of Wah Loong Ltd. of
 Vancouver, which wholesales frozen and dried seafoods and other dried and
 canned foods imported from Hong Kong and other parts of Asia.

K and E Holding Co. of La Jolla, Calif., to acquire control of
 Keuffeland Esser Canada Inc. of Toronto, which operates as a sales and
 service organization for the distribution in Canada of drafting,
 reprographic and surveying products-materials.

Robert Loar of Burlington, Glenda Loar of Zionsville, Ind., and Steve
 Foley of Cincinnati to acquire control of Mother's Pizza Parlor of
 Brantford, Ont., a business consisting of a pizza parlor and a spaghetti
 house.

Loomis and Toles Co. Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Letraset Marketing SA of Switzerland, which is, in turn, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Letraset (Holdings) Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of
 Thomas R. Fisher Inc. of St. Laurent, with branch outlets located in Nova
 Scotia, New Brunswick and Ontario, a business engaged in retail and
 wholesale marketing of commercial art and drafting supplies.

Midland-Ross Corp. of Cleveland to acquire control of Cambridge
 Thermionic of Canada Ltd. of Orangeville, Ont., a sales agent for the
 industrial electronic products produced by its U.S. parent.

Montgomery Diesel Inc. of St. Hubert, Que., wholly owned by Thomas
 Nationwide Transport Ltd. of Australia, to acquire control of D. Leclerc
 Transport Inc. of Boucherville, Que., which provides local cartage service
 (mainly containers).

NDT and Corrosion Control Services Establishment of Liechtenstein and
 Canada West Inspection Services Ltd. of Edmonton to acquire control of the
 Canadian Business Enterprise previously carried on solely by Canada West
 Inspection Services Ltd. of Edmonton, which provides welding inspection
 services using radiography, ultrasonic and magnetic particle inspection
 methods as well as liquid penetrant testing.
    1853-2010 Quebec Inc. of Montreal, controlled by two citizens of
 France, to acquire control of Beaudry Construction Inc. of St. Hyacinthe,
 Que., which sells construction and hardware material to contractors in the
 construction field.

Pacific Coast Feather Co. Inc. of Seattle, Wash., and Duncan Atchison
 of Victoria to acquire control of Bentley-Harrod Ltd., Northwest Quilt
 Sales Ltd. and Eurodown Quilts Ltd., all of Victoria. Bentley-Harrod Ltd.
 and Northwest Quilt Sales Ltd. manufacture pillows, comforters and quilts
 made from down feathers. Coquitlam Quilt Sales Ltd. and Eurodown Quilts
 Ltd. each operate five retail stores and market polyester products
 imported from the applicant.

Photo Promotion Associates Inc. of Monsay, N.Y., to establish a
 business at Toronto to provide photographic services.

Quantitative System Performance Ltd. of Toronto, equally owned by three
 U.S. citizens and a Canadian resident, to establish a business at Toronto
 to provide software and consulting services in modelling computer systems
 as queuing networks.

Harry Rohr of Creston, B.C., a U.S. citizen, to establish a business at
 Calgary to sell health-care products and vegetable juices.

Saga Transport SA of Paris to establish a business at Montreal to
 provide freight forwarding and shipping agency services.

SWS Organization Inc. of New York to acquire control of GRAF Records
 International Ltd. of Toronto, which acquires musical talent, records
 master tapes and manufactures and distributes phonograph records and
 tapes.

USPC Operating Company Inc. of New York to acquire control of
 International Playing Card Co. Ltd. of Windsor, Ont., wholly owned by
 United States Playing Card Co. of Cincinnati (US Card Co.) a business that
 imports sheets of printed playing cards from US Card Co., then processes,
 cuts and packages them into finished product in its plant at Windsor.

Warner-Lambert Co. of Morris Plains, N.Y., to acquire control of Imed
 Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which imports, sells and services
 electronic medical instruments for hospitals, consisting primarily of
 volumetric infusion pumps and related disposable cassettes, electronic
 intravenous control systems and temperature monitors.

Wexford Management Co. Ltd. of Toronto, owned 94 per cent by two
 citizens of West Germany and 6 per cent by a resident Canadian citizen, to
 acquire control of Wexford Verwaltungs GmbH of Toronto, which advises
 European investors on investment opportunities in North America in real
 estate and other business enterprises.

Charles Wilkerson of St. Catharines, Ont., a U.S. citizen, to establish
 a business at St. Catharines to manufacture automatic stainless steel
 vibratory feeders that sort and align parts used in the automated assembly
 of goods.

One proposal, which did not meet the test of being of significant
 benefit to Canada, was not allowed:
    Kongsberg North America Inc. of Houston to establish a business at
 Toronto to sell and service computer-aided cartography systems and high-
 speed automatic drafting systems.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2017 The Financial Post Company
                        Financial Post Corporate Survey

                              Unity Energy Corp.
                                  Ticker: UTY

                             313-515 Pender St W
                          Vancouver, BC,    V6B 6H5
                      (604) 681-0004    FAX:(604) 681-0014


CUSIP:        91330C
SIC CODES:    1098
EXCHANGE:     TSX-VEN
TYPE:         Resource
INCORPORATED: British Columbia, May 24, 2006

COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
Has mineral interests in Saskatchewan and Nevada.
In Saskatchewan, holds McKenzie Lake uranium prospect, 6,138 hectares,
43 km east-southeast of McArthur River mine; Close Lake prospect, 245
hectares, 11 km northwest of Cigar Lake mine; Hoppy Lake prospect,
1,924 hectares, 10 km southeast of Cigar Lake mine; Milliken Lake
uranium prospect, 781 hectares, eastern margin of the Athabasca Basin,
all carried at nominal value; and 10% interest (Aurgent Resource Corp.
90%) in Dickens Lake gold property, 227 hectares, 25 km north-northeast
of Missinipe. Also holds option to acquire Thornburn Lake uranium
prospect, 1,009 hectares, eastern Athabasca Basin, requiring
exploration expenditures of $1,000,000 by December 2019; option to
acquire Gulch Mine uranium prospect, 3,010 hectares, 10 km of Black Bay
Fault; option to acquire Carter Lake uranium prospect, 1,113 hectares,
requiring exploration expenditures of $3,000,000 over six years to
2020; option to acquire Lampin Lake prospect, 440 hectares, eastern
margin of the Athabasca Basin, requiring exploration expenditures of
$2,000,000 over four years; option to acquire North Shea prospect,
1,020 hectares, 10 km west of Cluff Lake mine, requiring exploration
expenditures of $3,000,000 over four years to 2018; option to acquire
adjacent Douglas River prospect, 1,089 hectares, requiring exploration
expenditures of $3,000,000 over four years to 2017; option to acquire
Mitchell Lake uranium prospect, 292 hectares, eastern edge of Athabasca
Basin, including West Bear deposit with probable reserve of 1,492,261
lbs. grading 0.94% uranium, 50% suboptioned to 92 Resources Corp.;
option to acquire Waterbury Lake uranium prospect, 554 hectares,
eastern Athabasca Basin, requiring exploration expenditures of
$2,500,000 for over three years to 2018; and option to acquire Dinty
Lake nickel prospect, 968 hectares, 40 km northwest of Uranium City,
requiring exploration expenditures of $3,500,000 over three years to
2016, all carried at nominal value.
In Nevada, holds option to acquire Miller Crossing lithium prospect,
1,920 hectares, Esmeralda cty., requiring exploration expenditures of
$1,000,000 over four years to 2019.
In April 2016, option to acquire Camsell uranium prospect in
Saskatchewan was terminated and related costs written off.
In November 2015, option to acquire Bory's Lake lead-zinc prospect in
Saskatchewan was terminated and related costs written off.
Name changed from Gold Key Capital Corp., Dec. 30, 2009, pursuant to
Qualifying Transaction mineral property acquisition.

FISCAL YEAR END: 31

TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE: S&P/TSE COMPOSITE INDICATOR: No
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE CODE:    15104020
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE GROUP:   Diversified Metals & Mining

FINANCIAL POST RANKINGS: FP 500:          No

EXECUTIVES: Anita Y. Algie
president & Director, Vancouver, B.C.
Richard Ko
chief financial officer & Director, Vancouver, B.C.
Dr. Peter Born
Director, Ont.
Gilbert G. (Gil) Schneider
Director, Surrey, B.C.
Ian Graham
chief executive officer

STOCK DATA: ............................    Authorized (shs.)Outstanding
(shs.)(1)
Common......................            unlimited           15,063,746
(1) At Nov. 29, 2016

OWNERSHIP: Widely held at Nov. 10, 2016.

EARNINGS AND FINANCES: Periods ended:....................    12m Mar. 31/16
12m Mar. 31/15
..................................             $000s             $000s
Deprec., depl. & amort............                 1                 1
Investment income.................                 1                 2
Write-downs/write-offs............           (1,692)           (1,378)
Pre-tax income....................           (1,949)           (1,712)
Net income........................           (1,949)           (1,712)
Current assets....................                52               109
Fixed assets, net.................               nil                 1
Explor./devel. properties.........               587             1,849
Total assets......................               639             1,958
Current liabilities...............                73                15
Shareholders' equity..............               567             1,944
Cash from oper. activs............             (128)             (238)
Cash from fin. activs.............                50               148
Cash from invest. activs..........              (23)             (331)
Net cash position.................               nil               101
Capital expenditures..............              (23)             (331)
..................................                 $                 $
Earnings per share...............            (0.21)            (0.25)
Cash flow per share...............            (0.01)            (0.03)
..................................               shs               shs
No. of shs. o/s...................        10,838,750         8,188,750
..................................                 %                 %
Net profit margin.................              n.a.              n.a.
Return on equity..................          (155.24)           (67.82)
Return on assets..................          (150.10)           (66.36)
 Common
Restated accounts shown for 2015-03-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2016-03-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-03-31.
HISTORICAL SUMMARY
Year End               Oper. Rev.      Net Inc. Bef. Disc.         EPS
                             $000                     $000            $
2016                          nil                  (1,949)       (0.21)
2015                          nil                  (1,712)       (0.25)
2014                          nil                  (1,347)       (0.48)
2013                          nil                    (281)       (0.12)
2012                          nil                    (716)       (0.36)
 Common
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2016-03-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-03-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2014-03-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2013-03-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2012-03-31.

PRICING: Price Range
UTY/TSX-VEN
Year                                 High            Low          Close
2016...                            $0.475          $0.05          $0.06
2015...                              $0.2          $0.05         $0.175
2014...                             $0.26          $0.04          $0.04
2013...                             $0.54         $0.075          $0.09
2012...                             $0.35          $0.04          $0.06
2011...                                $1         $0.145         $0.255
2010...                              $0.4           $0.1          $0.21
2008...                             $0.27         $0.095          $0.22
2007...                            $0.305         $0.125          $0.18
1-for-2 cons. in Nov. 2015
1-for-6 cons. in Nov. 2013

CAPITAL CHANGES: In April 2016, private placement of 2,225,000 units (1 common
share &
1/2 warrant) at 20C per unit was completed, with warrants exercisable
at 30C per share for two years. In November 2016, private placement of
2,000,000 common shares was completed at 5C per share.
On Nov. 18, 2015, common shares were consolidated on a 1-for-2 basis.
During fiscal 2016, 2,650,000 post-consolidated common shares were
issued on acquisition of mineral properties.

AUDITOR: MNP LLP, Vancouver, B.C.

LENGTH: 532 words

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                              131 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2011 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               September 7, 2011

                           Christ Water Technology AG

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


GLV Acquires 80.5% Stake In Christ Water Technology

   Date: Nov 30, 2009

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Best Water Technology To Acquire 49% Stake In Zeta & The Pharma & Life Sciences
Business Of Christ Water

   Date: Jul 10, 2009

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Christ Water Technology Acquires Remaining 49% Interest In KF Engineering

   Date: Jul 03, 2008

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Christ Water Completes Private Placement Of $28 Million

   Date: Dec 10, 2007

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Christ Water Technology Acquires Zeta Group

   Date: Sep 30, 2007

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Christ Water Technology Enters Into Joint Venture With Mandressi

   Date: Dec 12, 2006

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Christ Water Technology Acquires Additional 40% Stake In CHRIST NISHOTECH

   Date: Oct 03, 2006

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Christ Water Acquires Innoterv

   Date: Sep 27, 2006

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


BWT Acquires Interest In Christ Water

   Date: Jul 25, 2006

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.


Pictet Acquires 9.49% Stake In Christ Water Technology

   Date: Jun 29, 2006

   GLV, Inc., a provider of technological solutions for water treatment, through
its subsidiary Eimco Water Technologies GmbH, completed the acquisition of 80.5%
stake in Christ Water Technology AG (CWT), a water treatment company, for a
purchase consideration of CAD85 million ($80.12 million). GLV continues to
acquire remaining stake of Christ Water Technology on the secondary market.

Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as a legal advisor to CWT with respect to the
transaction.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Financial Ratios
History                                 Investments
Key Operational Employees               Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011


                              132 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                                  May 30, 2011

DEAL WRAP

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4 Vol. 24 No. 22

LENGTH: 3677  words


Target | Acquiror

Transaction Synopsis

AmeriSure Pharmaceuticals LLC | GMV Wireless Inc

GMV Wireless Inc agreed to acquire the entire share capital of AmeriSure
Pharmaceuticals LLC, a Kensington-based manufacturer of pharmaceuticals, in
exchange for 28.5 million GMV Wireless common shares.

Scott Balice Strategies LLC | The PFM Group

The PFM Group acquired Scott Balice Strategies LLC, a Chicago-based provider of
financial services.

Undisclosed Oil Producing Ppty | Baron Energy Inc

Baron Energy Inc acquired an undisclosed oil producing property, located Garza
County, Texas. Terms were not disclosed.

Confidential Copiers Inc | IOD Inc

IOD Inc acquired Confidential Copiers Inc, a Littleton-based provider of health
information management services.

Contango Oil-Onshore TX Asts | Undisclosed Acquiror

Contango Oil & Gas Co (Contango), a Houston-based oil and gas exploration and
production company divested its onshore Texas assets to an undisclosed acquiror
for $40 million. The transaction was to include Contango's interests in 21 wells
located in Panola County, Texas, Rexer #1, and Rexer #2.

Dynamic Survey Solutions Inc | Trimble Navigation Ltd

Trimble Navigation Ltd acquired Dynamic Survey Solutions Inc, an Essex
Junction-based developer of seismic survey software. Terms were not disclosed.

Eastman-Ammonia-Methanol Plant | Pandora Methanol LLC

Pandora Methanol LLC, a joint venture between Janus Methanol AG and Oci
Nitrogen, a unit of Orascom Construction Industries SAE, acquired an
ammonia-methanol plant, located in Beaumont, of Eastman Chemical Co, a
Kingsport-based manufacturer and wholesaler of chemicals, plastics and fibers.

Enerplus Corp-Marcellus Gas | Undisclosed Acquiror

Enerplus Corp of Canada, a Calgary-based oil and gas exploration and production
company, agreed to divest its Marcellus natural gas interests, located in
Pennsylvania, Maryland and West Virginia, to an undisclosed acquiror, for an
estimated $575 million.

FluoroPharma Inc | FluoroPharma Medical Inc

FluoroPharma Medical Inc merged with FluoroPharma Inc, a Boston-based
manufacturer of molecular imaging equipment, and a unit of QuantRX Biomedical
Corp.

Global Trust Bank | Bay Coml Bk, Walnut Creek, CA

Bay Commercial Bank (Bay) definitively agreed to merge with Mountain View-based
Global Trust Bank, a unit of Global Bancorp Inc, for an estimated $15.3 million.
The consideration was to consist of $3.1 million and $12.2 million in Bay common
stock.

Houston Astros Inc | Jim Crane

Jim Crane agreed to acquire Houston Astros Inc (Astros), a professional sports
team, from Drayton McLane, for $680 million. Originally, in November 2010,
Astros announced that it was seeking a buyer for the company.

Integral Systems Inc | Kratos Defense & Security

Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Inc (Kratos), through its wholly- owned
subsidiary, definitively agreed to merge with Integral Systems Inc (Integral), a
Columbia-based provider of satellite ground systems software services, in a
stock swap transaction valued at $224.889 million. Kratos offered $5 in cash per
share and 0.588 common share per Integral share. Based on Kratos' closing stock
price of $13.01 on 11 May 2011, the last full trading day prior to the
announcement, each Integral share was valued at $12.65.

Iron Mountain Inc-Assets | Autonomy Corp PLC

Autonomy Corp PLC of UK definitively agreed to acquire the online backup &
recovery, digital archiving and eDiscovery solutions of Iron Mountain Inc, a
Boston- based provider of online records management services, for $380 million
in cash.

LeTourneau Technologies Inc | Joy Global Inc

Joy Global Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
LeTourneau Technologies Inc, a Houston- based manufacturer of drilling and
mining equipment, from Rowan Cos Inc, for 1.1 billion in cash.

Merrimac Corporate Sec Inc | Netco Investments Inc

Netco Investments Inc acquired a Merrimack Corporate Securities Inc, an
Altamonte Springs-based provider of financial services, via stock swap.

Omnium LLC | Northern Trust Corp

Northern Trust Corp agreed to wrbh, Omnium LLC, a Chicago-based provider of fund
administration services, from Citadel LLC. Terms were not disclosed.

Orthovita Inc | Stryker Corp

Stryker Corp planned to launch a tender offer to acquire the entire share
capital of Orthovita Inc, a Malvern-based manufacturer of orthopedic
biomaterials products, for $308.56 million. The conosideration was to consist of
$3.85 in cash per share and the assumption of $12 million in liabilities.

Pliant Technologies Inc | SanDisk Corp

SanDisk Corp definitively agreed to acquire Pliant Technology Inc, a
Milpitas-based manufacturer and wholesaler of flash drives, from Scientigo Inc,
for an estimated $327 million in cash.

Henry Pegmatite REE Property | Rare Earth Industries Ltd

Rare Earth Industries Ltd of Canada, a wholly-owned unit of Seymour Ventures
Corp, acquired the Henry Pegmatite rare earth element property located in
Fremont County, Colorado.

PRIMEDIA Inc | TPG Capital LP

TPG Capital LP definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
PRIMEDIA Inc, a Norcross-based publishing company, from KKR Associates LP, a
unit of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co LP (KKR) and KKR GP 1996 LLC, a unit of
KKR, for $7.1 in cash per share, or a total value of $316. 432 million, in a
leveraged buyout transaction.

Radisson Lexington Hotel NY | DiamondRock Hospitality Co

DiamondRock Hospitality Co (DiamondRock) agreed to acquire Radisson Lexington
Hotel New York (Radisson), an owner and operator of a hotel, for $335 million.
Originally in May 2011, DiamondRock was rumored to be planning to acquire
Radisson.

Rowland Coffee Roasters-Ops | The JM Smucker Co

The JM Smucker Co acquired the coffee brands and business operations of Rowland
Coffee Roasters Inc, a Miami-based producer and wholesaler of coffee, for $360
million.

Self-Funded Alternatives LLC | Crump Insurance Services Inc

Crump Insurance Services Inc, a unit of Crump Group Inc, acquired Self-Funded
Alternatives LLC, a Langhorne- based insurance agency.

Shavlik Technologies LLC | VMware Inc

VMware Inc definitively agreed to acquire Shavlik Technologies LLC, a New
Brighton-based developer of cloud-enabled software. Terms were not disclosed.

SoCal Manganese Mining Claims | American Manganese Inc

American Manganese Inc (American) of Canada agreed to acquire SoCal Manganese
mining claims from Lodestar Management Group LLC and Elemental Solutions LLC,
for $0.15 million. The consideration was to consist of $0.021 million and the
issuance of 0.2 million American common shares valued at $0. 129 million. The
shares were valued based on Americans closing stock price of $0. 646 on 13 May
2011, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.

31 Infotech-Billing,Payment | Cerberus Capital Management LP

Cerberus Capital Management LP agreed to acquire the US global billing and
payment unit of 3i Infotech Financial Software Inc, a developer of financial
software, and a unit of 3i Infotech Ltd, for $137 million in cash, in a
leveraged buyout transaction. The transaction was to include Regulus Group and
J&B Software.

BridgePortfolio Inc | Insignis Inc

Insignis Inc acquired BridgePortfolio Inc, a Chicago-based provider of
outsourced office services.

Chicago Tube & Iron Co | Olympic Steel Inc

Olympic Steel Inc agreed to merge with Chicago Tube & Iron Co, a
Romeoville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of steel product, for $156 million.
The consideration was to consist of $150 million in cash and the assumption of
$6 million in liabilities.

Comet Ridge-Sweet Pea Expl | Undisclosed Acquiror

Comet Ridge Resources LLC, a Denver-based oil and gas exploration and production
company, and a joint venture between Pine Brook Road Partners LLC and Comet
Ridge Ltd, agreed to divest its Sweet Pea exploration property, to an
undisclosed acquiror, for $28.5 million.

Hartz Mountain Corp | Unicharm Corp

Unicharm Corp of Japan agreed to acquire a 51% interest, or 9.693 million
shares, in Hartz Mountain Corp, Secaucus-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
pet food and care products, from Sumitomo Corp of America, a unit of Sumitomo
Corp.

Hilite International Inc | 3i Group PLC

3i Group PLC definitively agreed to acquire an undisclosed majority interest in
Hilite International Inc, a Cleveland-based manufacturer of automotive
components, and a unit of Hilite Holdco Corp Inc, from undisclosed investors, in
a leveraged buyout transaction. Terms were not disclosed but according to
sources close to the situation, the deal was valued at an estimated $300
million.

Inland Corp | Sunoco Logistics Partners LP

Sunoco Logistics Partners LP (Sunoco) acquired an 83.8% interest in Inland Corp,
a West Salem-based owner and operator of oil pipeline systems, from BP PLC,
Midwest Pipeline Holding LLC, Royal Dutch Shell PLC's Shell Oil Co subsidiary,
and Sunoco's Sun Pipeline Co of Delaware LLC, for an estimated $100 million.

Meridian Partners LLC | Pearson Partners Intl Inc

Pearson Partners International Inc, acquired Meridian Partners LLC, a
Dallas-based provides of recruitment services.

Millennium Healthcare | Zen Holding Corp

Zen Holding Corp signed Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the entire share
capital of Millennium Healthcare Solutions Inc, a Syosset-based provider of
medical and health services.

Mobility Freedom Inc | Sthrn Medical & Mobility Inc

Southern Medical and Mobility Inc, unit of HASCO Medical Inc acquired Mobility
Freedom Inc, a Clermont-based provider of handicap mobility services. The
transaction includes Mobility Vans of America.

MyTopo.com | Trimble Navigation Ltd

Trimble Navigation Ltd acquired MyTopo.com, a Billings-based provider of mapping
services, from AO Hunt LLC. Terms were not disclosed.

Pharmanet Development Grp Inc | inVentiv Health Inc

inVentiv Health Inc, a wholly owned unit of Thomas H Lee Partners LP
definitively agreed to acquire PharmaNet Development Group Inc, a
Princeton-based provider of clinical research services, from JLL Partners Inc.
Terms were not disclosed.

Riverside Pump Mnfr Inc | Investor Group

An investor group, including Henry Moree Sr acquired Riverside Pump
Manufacturing Inc, a Cheraw- based manufacturer and wholesaler of pumping
equipment and parts.

Rosetta Marketing Group LLC | Publicis Groupe SA

Publicis Groupe SA of France agreed to acquire Rosetta Marketing Group LLC, a
Hamilton-based provider of marketing and consulting services, and a wholly-owned
unit of Lindsay Goldberg LLC, for an estimated $575 million.

SiGe Semiconductor Inc | Skyworks Solutions Inc

Skyworks Solutions Inc definitively agreed to acquire SiGe Semiconductor Inc, an
Andover-based manufacturer and wholesaler of semiconductors, for $275 million.
The consideration was to consist of $210 million in cash and up to $65 million
in profit-related payments.

Advanced Biohealing Inc | Shire PLC

Shire PLC of Ireland definitively agreed to acquire Advanced BioHealing Inc, a
Westport-based biotechnology company, for $750 million in cash, from Safeguard
Scientifics Inc and other shareholders.

vDream Inc | Net Element Inc

Net Element Inc acquired vDream Inc, an Oakland-based provider of online social
gaming services.

Whitney National Bank-Branches | First Bancshares Inc, MS

First Bancshares Inc agreed to acquire eight branches of New Orleans-based
Whitney National Bank, a unit of Whitney Holding Corp (Whitney). The transaction
was conditioned upon the completion of merger between Hancock Holding Co and
Whitney.

Answer Financial Inc | Allstate Corp

Allstate Corp (Allstate) definitively agreed to acquire Answer Financial Inc, an
Encino-based insurance agency, from White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd.
Concurrently, Allstate definitively agreed to acquire Esurance Insurance
Services Inc. The two transactions were to have a combined value of $700 million
in cash.

CorrectNet Inc | Netik LLC

Netik LLC, a unit of Symphony Technology Group LLC, acquired CorrectNet, a
Hauppaugge-based provider of client reporting solutions. Terms were not
disclosed.

DNA Games Inc | Zynga Game Network Inc

Zynga Game Network Inc acquired DNA Games Inc, a San Francisco-based developer
of online social games software.

Evanced Solutions Inc | Demco Inc

Demco Inc, a unit of Wall Family Enterprise Inc acquired Evanced Solutions Inc,
an Indianapolis-based developer of library support software.

Direct EDI Inc | SPS Commerce Inc

SPS Commerce Inc acquired Direct EDI Inc, a San Diego-based provider of EDI
solutions services. Terms were not disclosed.

Email Concepts Inc | Progressive Email Concept LLC

Progressive Email Concept LLC, unit of Progressive Distribution Services Inc
acquired Email Concepts Inc, a Grand Rapids- based provider of email marketing
services.

Fiesta-Sterling Distn Ctr,CA | IIT Acquisitions LLC

IIT Acquisitions LLC (IIT), a wholly-owned unit of Industrial Income Trust Inc,
definitively agreed to acquire Sterling Distribution Center, an Ontario-based
owner and operator of an industrial building, from Fiesta Distribution LLC, for
an estimated $24.1 million. Concurrently, IIT definitively agreed to acquire
Commerce Park, Vista Point, and Hagerstown Distribution Center II.

Gallus BioPharmaceuticals LLC | Ridgemont Equity Partners

Ridgemont Equity Partners acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Gallus
Biopharmaceuticals LLC, a St. Louis-based manufacturer of biologic products, in
a leveraged buyout transaction. Terms were not disclosed.

HealthSouth-Long-Term Hosp(6) | Lifecare Holdings Inc

LifeCare Holdings Inc definitively agreed to acquire 6 long-term acute care
hospitals of HealthSouth Corp, a Birmingham-based owner and operator of
hospitals and healthcare centers, for an estimated $120 million. The
consideration was to consist of cash and retained working capital.

MACTEC Inc | AMEC PLC

AMEC PLC of the UK agreed to acquire MACTEC Inc, an Alpharetta-based provider of
engineering services from Nautic Partners LLC, for $280 million in cash.

Mind Over Eye Inc | Source Interlink Media LLC

Source Interlink Media LLC, a unit of Source Interlink Cos Inc, acquired Mind
Over Eye Inc, a Santa Monica-based provider of digital marketing services.

New York Palace Hotel | Northwood Investors LLC

Northwood Investors LLC planned to acquire New York Palace Hotel, a New York-
based owner and operator of hotels, for $400 million.

Nobel Learning Communities Inc | Leeds Equity Partners LLC

Leeds Equity Partners LLC definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of Nobel Learning Communities Inc, a West Chester-based owner and
operator of schools, for $11.75 cash per share or a total value of $127.742
million, in a leveraged buyout transaction.

Odfjell SE-Terminal,Houston | Lindsay Goldberg LLC

Lindsay Goldberg LLC of the US signed Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire 49% in
the tank terminal located in Houston of Odfjell SE, a Bergen-based provider of
transportation and logistics services. Concurrently, Lindsay Goldberg signed
Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire 49% in the tank terminal located in Rotterdam
of Odfjell.

16604 LLC-Hagerstown Distn Ctr | IIT Acquisitions LLC

IIT Acquisitions LLC (IIT), a wholly-owned unit of Industrial Income Trust Inc,
definitively agreed to acquire Hagerstown Distribution Center II, an
Ontario-based owner and operator of an industrial building, from Fiesta
Distribution LLC, for an estimated $8.5 million. Concurrently, IIT definitively
agreed to acquire Vista Point, Sterling Distribution Center, and Commerce Park.

Sealy CP LP-Commerce Park,TX | IIT Acquisitions LLC

IIT Acquisitions LLC (IIT), a wholly-owned unit of Industrial Income Trust Inc,
definitively agreed to acquire Commerce Park, an Ontario-based owner and
operator of an industrial building, from Fiesta Distribution LLC, for an
estimated $35 million. Concurrently, IIT definitively agreed to acquire Vista
Point, Sterling Distribution Center, and Hagerstown Distribution Center II.

Sheraton Dallas North Hotel | HEI Hospitality LLC

HEI Hospitality LLC acquired Sheraton Dallas North Hotel, a Dallas-based owner
and operator of hotels, from Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. Terms were
not disclosed.

Silver Wing Mine,San Juan,CO | Colorado Goldfields Inc

Colorado Goldfields Inc (Colorado) agreed to acquire the Silver Wing Mine, a San
Juan County-based gold and silver mining property, for $1.8 million. The
consideration was to consist of $1.5 million in Colorado restricted common
shares and $0.3 million in cash.

USM Services Holdings Inc | EMCOR Group Inc

US- EMCOR Group Inc definitively agreed to acquire USM Services Holdings Inc, a
Norristown-based provider of facilities maintenance and plumbing services, for
$255 million in cash.

Sunoco-Manufacturing Facility | Honeywell International Inc

Honeywell International Inc definitively agreed to acquire the Phenol and
Acetone Manufacturing Facility of Sunoco Inc, a Philadelphia-based manufacturer
and wholesaler of petroleum and petrochemicals products for an estimated $85
million.

VinSolutions LLC | Autotrader.com Inc

Autotrader.com Inc, a unit of Cox Enterprises Inc, definitively agreed to
acquire VinSolutions LLC, an Overland Park-based developer of web-based CRM and
ILM software. Terms were not disclosed.

Jackson-Shaw-Vista Point,TX | IIT Acquisitions LLC

IIT Acquisitions LLC (IIT), a wholly-owned unit of Industrial Income Trust Inc,
definitively agreed to acquire Vista Point, an Ontario-based owner and operator
of an industrial building, from Fiesta Distribution LLC, for an estimated $23.1
million. Concurrently, IIT definitively agreed to acquire Commerce Park,
Sterling Distribution Center, and Hagerstown Distribution Center II.

Esurance Insurance Services | Allstate Corp

Allstate Corp (Allstate) definitively agreed to acquire Esurance Insurance
Services Inc, a San Francisco- based, from White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd.
Concurrently, Allstate definitively agreed to acquire Answer Financial Inc. The
two transactions were to have a combined value of $700 million in cash.

Automotive Components-Tank Ast | Compagnie Plastic Omnium SA

Compagnie Plastic Omnium SA of France, a unit of Burelle SA acquired the
gasoline tank assets of Automotive Components Holdings LLC, a Ypsilanti- based
manufacturer of motor vehicle parts, and a unit of Ford Motor Co.

Barnes & Noble Inc | Liberty Media Corp

Liberty Media Corp planned to acquire a 70% interest, or 42.173 million common
shares, in Barnes & Noble Inc (Barnes), a New York-based owner and operator of
bookstores, for $17 in cash per share, or a total value of 716.948 million.
Originally in August 2010, Barnes announced that it was seeking a buyer for the
company. Leonard Riggio, Borders Group Inc and Ronald W Burkle were named
potential bidders.

Beacon Trust Co | Provident Bank, Jersey City, NJ

Provident Bank (Provident), a unit of Provident Financial Services Inc,
definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Beacon Trust Co, a
Morristown-based trust company. Concurrently, Provident definitively agreed to
acquire the entire share capital of Beacon Global Asset Management Inc. The two
transactions were to have a combined estimated value of $10.5 million in cash.

Beacon Global Ast Mgmt Inc | Provident Bank,Jersey City,NJ

Provident Bank (Provident), a unit of Provident Financial Services Inc,
definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Beacon Asset
Management Inc, a Morristown- based provider of asset management services.
Concurrently, Provident definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital
of Beacon Trust Co. The two transactions were to have a combined estimated value
of $10.5 million in cash.

BridgeCo Inc | Standard Microsystems Corp

Standard Microsystems Corp acquired BridgeCo Inc, an El Segundo-based
manufacturer of processor IC and software platforms, for $67.5 million. The
consideration consisted of $40 million in cash and up to $27.5 million in
profit- related payments.

Aero Pharmaceuticals Inc | Biozone Pharmaceuticals Inc

Biozone Pharmaceuticals Inc acquired Aero Pharmaceuticals Inc, a Miami- based
manufacturer and wholesaler of dermatological products.

Encompass Group Affiliates Inc | Encompass Supply Chain

Encompass Supply Chain Solutions Inc, a majority- owned unit of Bain Capital
LLC's majority-owned Sankaty Advisors LLC subsidiary, agreed to acquire
Encompass Group Affiliates Inc, a New York-based provider of reverse logistics
services, for $1 million in cash.

Guaranteach Inc | Sophia Learning LLC

Sophia Learning LLC acquired Guarantech Inc, a Baltimore-based provider of
online math classes.

Kaplan Virtual Education | K12 Inc

K12 Inc agreed to acquire Kaplan Virtual Education, a Hollywood-based provider
of online academic services, from Kaplan Inc, a unit of Washington Post Co.
Terms were not disclosed.

StereoD LLC | Deluxe Entertainment Services

Deluxe Entertainment Services Group Inc, a unit of MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings
Inc, acquired StereoD LLC, a Burbank-based provider of visual effect services.
Terms were not disclosed.

Wingspan Service Corp-Hygiene | Swisher Hygiene Inc

Swisher Hygiene Inc (Swisher) acquired the hygiene and chemical business of
Wingspan Service Corp, a Greenbrae-based provider of hygiene services, for $2.
093 million. The consideration consisted of $0.75 million in cash the issuance
of 0.221 million Swisher common shares valued at $1.343 million. The shares were
valued based on Swisher's closing stock price of $6.08 on 18 May 2011, the last
full trading day prior to the announcement.

Acushnet Co | Investor Group

An investor group comprised of Fila Korea Ltd and Mirae Asset Private Equity of
Korea, a unit of Mirae Asset Capital Co Ltd, definitively agreed to acquire
Acushnet Co (Acushnet) , a Fairhaven-based manufacturer and wholesaler of golf
products, from Fortune Brands Inc (Fortune), for $1.225 billion in cash.
Originally, in December 2010, Fortune announced that it was seeking a buyer for
its Acushnet unit. Blackstone Group LP and Callaway Golf Co were rumored
potential bidders. Concurrently, Fortune planned to spin off its Fortune Brands
Home & Security LLC units, to its shareholders. Additionally, Fortune announced
that it was seeking a buyer for its Beam Global Spirits & Wine Inc unit.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                January 27, 2017

                          Walvax Biotechnology Co Ltd

           19th Floor, Tower A, Building 9, Keyuan Road No. 99,High &
                           New Tech Development Zone
                                 Kunming 650106
                                     China

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Walvax Biotech Raises USD89 Million in Private Placement of Shares

   10/13/2016 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co Ltd, a biotechnology company, has completed the
private placement of 64,900,000 shares of its common stock at a price of CNY9.21
(USD1.37) per share, for gross proceeds to CNY598 million (USD88.98
million).<P/>The company intends to use the proceeds to fund the acquisitions.


Walvax Biotech to Sell 85% Stake in Shandong Shijie Biological Technology for
USD104.5 Million

   9/21/2016 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a provider of bio-pharmaceutical vaccination
products, has agreed to sell 85% stake in Shandong Shijie Biological Technology
Co Ltd., a biotechnology company, for a purchase consideration of CNY697 million
(USD104.48 million).


Walvax Biotech to Sell 46% Stake in Hebei Da'an Pharma for USD103 Million

   10/9/2014 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and distributor of biological
products, has agreed to sell 46% stake in Hebei Da'an Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.,
an operator of plasma collecting stations, to Du Jiangtao, for a sale
consideration of CNY634.8 million (USD103.28 million).<P/>Concurrently, Walvax
Biotech intends to acquire 51% stake in Chongqing times Ning, a biotechnology
company, for a purchase consideration of approximately CNY178.5 million
(USD29.04 million).


Walvax Biotech Receives Approval to Acquire Chongqing Beining Biological Pharma
for USD57 Million

   10/9/2014 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, has received board approval to acquire Chongqing Beining Biological
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., for a purchase consideration of CNY350 million
(USD57.04 million).<P/>Pursuant to the transaction, Walvax Biotechnology is
committed to provide safe bio-medicine (such as vaccines, blood products and so
on) with excellent quality and advanced technology for domestic and foreign
markets. <P/>This transaction will enable Walvax Biotechnology to strengthen its
biological drugs manufacturing activities in China. <P/>Deal
History:<P/>Announced: On October 9, 2014, Walvax Biotechnology agreed to
acquire Chongqing Beining Biological Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., for a purchase
consideration of CNY350 million (USD57.04 million).


Walvax Biotech Plans to Raise up to USD72.9 Million in Private Placement of
Shares

   8/4/2014 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a developer of bio-medicine products, has
announced the private placement of shares to raise gross proceeds of up to
JPY450 million (USD72.95 million).


Walvax Biotech Acquires Three Biomedical Companies

   11/12/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, acquired three biomedical companies. Following the acquisition, the
three companies will act as wholly owned subsidiaries practice in bio-pharmacy,
medical raw materials and medical instrument. <P/>This acquisition enables
Walvax to enlarge its distribution network and forward its bio-tech
competitiveness.


Walvax Biotechnology To Acquire 63.57% Stake In Genor BioPharma From Shihezi
Ansheng Investment And Wison Group For US$47.5 Million

   10/15/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, agreed to acquire 63.57% stake in Genor BioPharma Co., Ltd., a
developer of biological drugs, from Shihezi Ansheng Investment Partnership and
Wison Group Holding Limited, for a purchase consideration of CNY291.27m
(US$47.53m). Walvax Biotechnology intends to acquire the remaining stake in
Genor BioPharma.<P/>Pursuant to the transaction, Walvax Biotechnology will
acquire 51% stake of Genor Biopharma from Shihezi Ansheng Investment for CNY
180.19m (US$29.4m) and 12.576% stake from Wison Group for CNY111.08m
(US$18.13m). In addition, Walvax Biotechnology will gradually acquire 7.08%
stake of Genor Biopharma from Ansheng Investment.<P/>This transaction will
enable Walvax Biotechnology to strengthen its biological drugs manufacturing
activities in China.<P/>Deal history<P/>Update: On December 18, 2013, Walvax
Biotechnology agreed to acquire 12.576% stake of Genor Biopharma from Wison
Group for a purchase consideration of CNY111.08m (US$18.13m).<P/>Announced: On
October 15, 2013, Walvax Biotechnology agreed to acquire 51% stake of Genor
Biopharma from Shihezi Ansheng Investment for a purchase consideration of CNY
180.19m (US$29.4m).<P/>Rumored: On September 11, 2013, Genor BioPharma intends
to sell itself, reported ChinaBio Today, citing sources familiar with the
matter. According to the sources, the sale will occur before the end of the
month and Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd. will be the acquirer.


Walvax Biotechnology To Acquire Ningbo Biological Medicine Company For US$48.5
Million

   6/21/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, agreed to acquire a Ningbo-based biological medicine company engaged
in the wholesale of biological products and vaccines, for a purchase
consideration of CNY300m (US$48.48m).

Deal history

Update: On July 11, 2013, Walvax agreed to acquire a Ningbo-based biological
medicine company, for a purchase consideration of CNY300m (US$48.48m).

Announced: On June 21, 2013, Walvax agreed to acquire a 51% stake in
Ningbo-based biological medicine company, from Shihezi-based investment limited
partnership company.


Walvax Biotechnology To Acquire Putian Pharma Company For US$26.3 Million

   6/21/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, agreed to acquire a Putian-based pharmaceutical company engaged in the
wholesale of biological products and vaccines, for a purchase consideration of
CNY162.5m (US$26.26m).<P/>Deal history<P/>Update: On July 11, 2013, Walvax
agreed to acquire a Putian-based pharmaceutical company, for a purchase
consideration of CNY162.5m (US$26.26m).<P/>Announced: On June 21, 2013, Walvax
agreed to acquire a 51% stake in a Putian-based pharmaceutical company, from
Shihezi-based investment limited partnership company.


Walvax Biotechnology To Acquire Shandong Biological Medicine Company For US$48.5
Million

   6/21/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, agreed to acquire a Shandong-based biological medicine company engaged
in the wholesale of biological products and vaccines, for a purchase
consideration of CNY300m (US$48.48m).

Deal history

Update: On July 11, 2013, Walvax agreed to acquire a Shandong-based biological
medicine company, for a purchase consideration of CNY300m (US$48.48m).

Announced: On June 21, 2013, Walvax agreed to acquire a 51% stake in a
Shandong-based biological medicine company, from Shihezi-based investment
limited partnership company.


Walvax Biotechnology To Acquire Additional 35% Stake In Hebei Da'an Pharma For
US$54.6 Million

   6/13/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, agreed to acquire additional 35% stake in Hebei Da'an Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd., an operator of plasma collecting stations, from a Hebei-based
pharmaceutical technology consulting company, for a purchase consideration of
CNY336.91m (US$54.59m). Following the transaction, Walvax Biotechnology will
hold 90% stake in Hebei Da'an Pharma.

In 2012, Walvax Biotechnology completed the acquisition of 55% stake in Hebei
Da'an Pharmaceutical, from Sichuan Direction Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and a
Chengdu-based investment firm.


Walvax Biotechnology Acquires 40.61% Stake In Shanghai Biotech Company For
US$19.7 Million

   6/13/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, acquired 40.609% stake in a Shanghai-based biotechnology company, from
a China-based investment company, for a purchase consideration of CNY121.83m
(US$19.74m). Walvax Biotechnology will further invest CNY143.17m (US$23.2m) into
the biotechnology company to increase its holdings to 50.69%.


Walvax Biotechnology Announces Public Offering Of Notes For US$188 Million

   5/29/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of bio-medicine
products, announced public offering of notes with a term of one year and
mid-term bills with a term of up to five years, to raise gross proceeds of up to
CNY1,190m (US$188.54m).


Walvax Biotechnology Plans Debt Offering For US$398 Million

   3/22/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of bio-medicine
products, intends to offer debt financing instruments with a term of up to seven
years, to raise gross proceeds of up to CNY2,500m (US$398.1m).


Yunnan Walvax Acquires 58% Stake In Shanghai Zerun Biotech For US$49 Million

   1/14/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Yunnan Walvax Biotech Co., Ltd., a pharmaceutical company, acquired a 58%
stake in Shanghai Zerun Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a biopharmaceutical company,
for a purchase consideration of $49.2m. The company acquired the stake by
purchasing equity in Zerun for $20.8m from Wison (China) Investment, a part of
Wison Group Holding Limited; and investing another $28.4m in Zerun directly.

This acquisition allows Walvax to improve its R&D capability in recombinant
vaccines, and adds to the pipeline one marketed vaccine and seven others in
various stages of development.


Walvax Biotechnology Announces Public Offering Of Bonds For US$158 Million

   12/24/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of bio-medicine
products, announced public offering of corporate bonds with a term of five
years, to raise gross proceeds of up to CNY1,000m (US$158.44m).


Walvax Biotechnology Completes Acquisition Of 55% Stake In Hebei Da'an Pharma
For Up To US$84 Million

   8/4/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Walvax Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of biological
products, completed the acquisition of 55% stake in Hebei Da'an Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd., an operator of plasma collecting stations, from Sichuan Direction
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and a Chengdu-based investment firm, for a purchase
consideration ranging between CNY220m ($34.78m) and CNY530m ($83.78m).<P/>Da'an
Pharmaceutical owns three plasma collecting stations in normal operation, which
could collect about 100 tons of plasma annually and has stored about 180 tons of
plasma at present. The company is also preparing to establish another two plasma
collecting stations that have been approved for construction. <P/>This
acquisition enables Walvax Biotechnology to enter into the blood products
industry.<P/>Deal history<P/>Completed: Effective September 30, 2012, Walvax
Biotechnology completed the acquisition of 55% stake in Hebei Da'an
Pharmaceutical, from Sichuan Direction Pharmaceutical and a Chengdu-based
investment firm, for a purchase consideration ranging between CNY220m ($34.78m)
and CNY530m ($83.78m).<P/>Update: On September 14, 2012, Walvax Biotechnology
finalized the acquisition of 55% stake in Hebei Da'an Pharmaceutical, from
Sichuan Direction Pharmaceutical and a Chengdu-based investment firm, for a
purchase consideration ranging between CNY220m ($34.78m) and CNY530m
($83.78m).<P/>Announced: On August 04, 2012, Walvax Biotechnology agreed to
acquire 55% stake in Hebei Da'an Pharmaceutical, from Sichuan Direction
Pharmaceutical and a Chengdu-based investment firm, for a purchase consideration
ranging between CNY220m ($34.78m) and CNY530m ($83.78m).
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Financial Ratios
Investments                             Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                              134 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               November 17, 2012

                                  FibreGen Plc

                                31 Harley Street
                              London,  ENG W1G 9QS
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


FibreGen Completes Public Offering For $3.14 Million

   Date: 6/20/2008 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


FibreGen Acquires Coeur d'Alene Fiber Fuels

   Date: 4/3/2008 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


FibreGen Completes Debt Offering Of $14.4 Million

   Date: 5/30/2006 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Completes Private Placement Of $6.93 Million

   Date: 5/16/2007 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Acquires Majority Stake In Princeton Co-Generation

   Date: 12/18/2006 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Raises $0.02 Million

   Date: 3/7/2005 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Issues 83,333 Shares

   Date: 3/7/2005 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Completes Public Offering

   Date: 7/21/2006 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Raises $0.08 Million

   Date: 3/7/2005 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Raises $10.23 Million

   Date: 5/30/2006 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Raises $0.02 Million

   Date: 3/7/2005 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Raises $0.02 Million

   Date: 3/7/2005 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Raises $0.27 Million

   Date: 3/7/2005 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Acquires Majority Interest In Westwood Fibre

   Date: 2/26/2006 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Completes Private Placement For $2.03 Million

   Date: 2/24/2006 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.


Libra Natural Resources Completes Private Placement For $4.04 Million

   Date: 1/12/2006 12:00:00 AM

   FibreGen plc (formerly Libra Natural Resources Plc), a company that acquires
and invests in waste-to-energy assets, completed public offering of 5,333,334
new ordinary shares, a par value of GBP0.03, at a price of GBP0.3 per share for
gross proceeds of GBP1.6 million.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012


                              135 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                January 16, 2017

                                Gland Pharma Ltd

                  6-3-865/1/2, Greenland Apartments, Ameerpet
                                Hyderabad 500016
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Breckenridge Pharma Enters into Marketing Agreement with Gland Pharma

   12/5/2016 12:00:00 AM

   Breckenridge Pharmaceutical, Inc., a generic pharmaceutical R&D company, has
entered into a multi-product marketing agreement with Gland Pharma Limited, a
manufacturer of small volume parenterals, for seven injectable
products.<P/>Under the terms of the agreement, Breckenridge Pharma will market
and distribute the products under its label in the US. The products includes six
approved Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) and one tentatively-approved
ANDA. The products cover a wide range of indications.<P/>This agreement provides
Breckenridge Pharma to enter into institutional market and expand injectable
portfolio.


Dr. Reddy's Labs Enters into Co-Marketing Agreement with Gland Pharma

   10/26/2016 12:00:00 AM

   Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd., a pharmaceutical company, has entered into a
co-marketing agreement with Gland Pharma Limited, a developer and manufacturer
of sterile dosage forms, to market and distribute a diverse portfolio of Gland
Pharma's eight injectable Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) in the
US.<P/>The portfolio is a mix of filed ANDAs pending approval by the US Food and
Drug Administration (USFDA) and ANDAs that will be filed imminently, and
comprised of generic injectables administered in hospitals and clinics in the
US.<P/>The agreement enables Dr. Reddy's Labs to strengthen its product line of
injectables products; and allows Gland Pharma to market and distribute its
portfolio eight injectable products in the US.


Athenex Enters into Agreement with Gland Pharma

   9/6/2016 12:00:00 AM

   Athenex, Inc., an oncology pharmaceutical company, has entered into
co-marketing agreement with Gland Pharma Limited, a provider of injectable
formulations for the regulated and semi-regulated pharmaceutical markets, to
launch and market more than 20 injectable pharmaceutical products in the
US.<P/>Under the agreement, Gland Pharma has developed and will supply
injectable products that Athenex will market in the US. Many of these products
products are therapeutically relevant to the Athenex proprietary pipeline of
products under development. In addition, the products are either already
approved by the US FDA or expected to be approved in the near term.<P/>This
agreement enables Athenex and Gland Pharma to market injectable pharmaceutical
products in the US.


Shanghai Fosun Pharma to Acquire 86% Stake in Gland Pharma for USD1.3 Billion

   7/28/2016 12:00:00 AM

   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd., a biopharmaceutical and
healthcare company, has signed a definitive agreement to acquire approximately
86.08% stake in Gland Pharma Limited, a pharmaceutical company, for a purchase
consideration of up to USD1.26 billion.<P/>On August, 4, 2016, Fosun Pharma
announced that the board of directors proposes to invest in no more than USD1.3
billion to acquire about 86.08% equity interest in Gland. The acquisition has
been approved at the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the of the company
board of directors.<P/>Pursuant to the transaction, Fosun Pharma will purchase
all shares of Gland owned by KKR Floorline Investments Pte. Ltd. (together with
its affiliates, KKR) in addition to shares purchased from other shareholders of
the company. P.V.N. Raju, Founder of Gland, and his son, Dr. Ravi Penmetsa, will
continue to be on the Board, and Dr. Penmetsa will continue as Managing Director
and CEO. The family will retain a stake in Gland.<P/>This transaction will
enable Shanghai Fosun Pharma to bolster its capability in technology used for
injectable formulations and expand its manufacturing network in India; and
allows to use the acquisition as a gateway to Brazil and the Latin American
region in business areas such as property and investment.<P/>Jefferies Group LLC
is acting as exclusive financial advisor; while Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
and Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas are acting as legal advisors to KKR and Gland
Pharma for the transaction.<P/>The transaction is subject to customary
regulatory approvals.<P/>Deal History:<P/>Update: Shanghai Fosun Pharma intended
to acquire a controlling stake in Gland Pharma, for a purchase consideration of
USD1.4 billion, according to the Economic Times, citing a source with direct
knowledge. Reportedly, Fosun is set to acquire 86.08% stake in Gland Pharma.
Fosun will acquire the shares held by Gland Pharma founders Ravi Penmetsa and
his family and KKR & Co LP. The residual stake will remain with the founder
family. Currently, Gland Pharma founders and KKR jointly hold 96% stake in Gland
Pharma.<P/>Update: On May 16, 2016, Shanghai Fosun Pharma through its unit Fosun
Industrial, made a non-binding proposal to acquire Gland Pharma. Shanghai Fosun
Pharmaceutical has revised its offer to USD1.27 billion. Previously, the
transaction is expected to be valued between USD1 billion and USD1.5
billion.<P/>Update: On May 12, 2016, Baxter emerged as frontrunner to acquire
Gland Pharma for a consideration ranging between USD1.1 billion and USD1.2
billion. Baxter and Fosun Group were the only two companies which submitted
binding bids to acquire Gland Pharma, according to The Economic Times citing
multiple people close to the development.<P/>Update: On April 15, 2016, Advent
International and Baxter International intended to submit separate bids to
acquire Gland Pharma Ltd, according to reuters. <P/>Update: On April 5, 2016,
Torrent Pharma and Baxter International have individually made a bid to acquire
Gland Pharma, as reported by Economic Times citing three people familiar with
matter.<P/>Rumor: On August 20, 2015, Ravi Penmetsa and family retained
investment bank Jefferies & Co. to look for buyers for Gland Pharma, according
to three people with direct knowledge of the matter. The family was looking to
sell their stake for a minimum consideration of USD1 billion and maximum
consideration of USD1.2 billion.


KKR Receives Government Approval To Acquire 35% Stake In Gland Pharma For USD200
Million

   11/27/2013 12:00:00 AM

   KKR & Co. L.P. (formerly Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P), a private equity
firm, through KKR Asian II Fund, received the government clearance to acquire
35% stake in Gland Pharma Limited, a pharmaceutical company, for a purchase
consideration of approximately INR13,000 million (USD200 million). Pursuant to
the transaction, KKR agreed to acquire 30% stake from Evolvence India Life
Sciences Fund, a fund sponsored by Evolvence Capital, and will acquire 5% stake
through fresh equity infusion.<P/>The transaction is subject to regulatory
approvals and other customary closing conditions. <P/>Deal history<P/>Update: On
May 13, 2014, KKR through KKR Asian II Fund, received the government clearance
to acquire 35% stake in Gland Pharma, for a purchase consideration of
approximately INR13,000 million (USD200 million). <P/>Announced: On November 27,
2013, KKR through KKR Asian II Fund agreed to acquire 35% stake in Gland Pharma
for a purchase consideration of approximately INR13,000 million (US$200
million). Pursuant to the transaction, KKR agreed to acquire 30% stake from
Evolvence India Life Sciences Fund and will acquire 5% stake through fresh
equity infusion.<P/>Update: On October 11, 2013, KKR & Co. intends to acquire
30% stake in Gland Pharma from Evolvence India Life Sciences Fund reported by
the reuters citing two persons familiar with the transaction. <P/>Rumor: On
September 9 , 2013, KKR & Co. intends to acquire 40% stake in Gland Pharma from
Evolvence India Life Sciences Fund, by the end of September 2013, reported by
the Economic Times citing two persons familiar with the transaction.


Litha Pharma Partners with Gland Pharma

   12/12/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Litha Healthcare Group Limited, a diversified healthcare company, through its
subsidiary Litha Pharma (Pty) Ltd., has entered into an exclusive agreement with
Gland Pharma Limited, a generic pharma company. Under the agreement, the
partners will also focus on the development of future products for the local
market.<P/>This agreement enables Litha to expand its presence in the
injectables generics market, and also to perform aggressive growth strategy for
its pharma division.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017


                              136 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                August 10, 2012

                             Blue Sky Uranium Corp.

                                   BC V6C 3N6
                                     Canada

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Blue Sky Uranium To Form Joint Venture With AREVA Mines

   Date: 1/4/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Final Tranche Non-Brokered Private Placement Of Units
For $0.15 Million

   Date: 10/31/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Non-Brokered Private Placement For $1.1 Million

   Date: 4/25/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Completes Non-Brokered Private Placement Of $2.4 Million

   Date: 7/19/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Non-Brokered Private Placement Of $0.56 Million

   Date: 3/30/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Non-Brokered Private Placement For $0.93 Million

   Date: 9/12/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Acquires Argentina Uranium

   Date: 2/27/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes First Tranche Private Placement Of $0.67 Million

   Date: 6/3/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Non Brokered Private Placement Of $0.097 Million

   Date: 6/24/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Private Placement Of $1.09 Million

   Date: 2/28/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Non Brokered Private Placement Of $0.026 Million

   Date: 2/28/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium Completes Public Offering Of $1.72 Million

   Date: 2/28/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium To Acquire Santander Uranium Project

   Date: 3/14/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."


Blue Sky Uranium To Acquire Interest In Karin Lake Property From Eagle Plains

   Date: 2/15/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Sky Uranium Corp., a uranium exploration company, entered into a
memorandum of understanding (MOU) with AREVA Mines, a company engaged in
exploration, extraction and processing of uranium ore, to form joint venture for
exploring uranium deposits in Argentina.

Under the terms of MOU, Blue Sky and AREVA form a joint technical committee to
direct exploration activities and Blue Sky will be the operator of projects in
the year 2012 and 2013. AREVA can acquire 51% interest in one project by
spending an exploration expenditure of CAD1m ($0.98m) on the project in the one
year, CAD2m ($1.97m) in the two years and CAD3m ($2.96m) in the three years or
if AREVA can to acquire 51% interest in two projects by incurring an exploration
expenditure of CAD4m ($3.95m) on the two projects. At the end of two years, Blue
Sky will retain a 100% interest in all projects except the one or two projects
AREVA selects to acquire a 51% interest. AREVA can elect to acquire a 51%
interest on each newly acquired uranium targets in Argentina by incurring CAD1m
($0.98m) in exploration. Blue Sky will retain a 100% interest in the projects
where any non-uranium discoveries are made.

Sean Hurd, chairman and CEO of Blue Sky Uranium, said, "The decision by AREVA, a
world renowned leader in uranium exploration and mining, to partner with Blue
Sky to explore for new projects in Argentina and advance our existing projects
demonstrates AREVA's confidence in our exploration strategy and our technical
capabilities, as well as our network of contacts and relationships we have built
in Argentina. Blue Sky's management and exploration team are looking forward to
working closely with AREVA in the years ahead. We are very excited about what we
can achieve together. Our team is in place to move quickly in our pursuit of
significant new uranium discoveries."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *



                                        Investments




 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2012


                              137 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                               November 20, 2015

The Weekly Wrap: Audax, TransDigm, Constellation Brands;
Audax buys Justrite; TransDigm adds Breeze-Eastern; Constellation Brands
purchases Ballast Brewing

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3491  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Norfolk Southern     Canadian Pacific         28,442.7     Canadian Pacific
Corp                      Railway Ltd                        Railway Ltd of
                                                            Canada plans to
                                                                  launch an
                                                       unsolicited offer to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           Norfolk Southern
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                              Norfolk-based
                                                       provider of railroad
                                                             transportation
                                                            services, via a
                                                                 stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                        at $28.443 billion.
                                                           Canadian Pacific
                                                          offered $46.72 in
                                                             cash and 0.348
                                                           Canadian Pacific
                                                          share per Norfolk
                                                            Southern share.
                                                          Based on Canadian
                                                          Pacific's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                             $137.637 on 16
                                                         November 2015, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                           Norfolk Southern
                                                        share was valued at
                                                       $94.618. Originally,
                                                       Canadian Pacific was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                          Norfolk Southern.
Starwood Hotels &            Marriott         11,755.5             Marriott
Resorts Worldwide   International Inc                     International Inc
Inc                                                              (Marriott)
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                              to merge with
                                                          Starwood Hotels &
                                                          Resorts Worldwide
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                        Stamford-based real
                                                          investment trust,
                                                           via a stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                        at $11.756 billion.
                                                        Marriott offered $2
                                                           in cash and 0.92
                                                           common share per
                                                            Starwood common
                                                            share. Based on
                                                         Marriott's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                               $72.74 on 13
                                                         November 2015, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                         Starwood share was
                                                         valued at $68.921.
                                                       Originally, Starwood
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the company.
                                                           InterContinental
                                                          Hotels Group Plc,
                                                          Wyndham Worldwide
                                                            Corp, and Hyatt
                                                           Hotels Corp were
                                                         named as potential
                                                                   bidders.
Airgas Inc             Air Liquide SA         10,640.0    Air Liquide SA of
                                                           France agreed to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                              Airgas Inc, a
                                                               Radnor-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                             industrial and
                                                         medical equipment,
                                                       for $143 in cash per
                                                        share or a total of
                                                           $10.639 billion.
Fairchild            ON Semiconductor          2,270.3   In a tender offer,
Semiconductor                    Corp                      ON Semiconductor
International Inc                                         Corp definitively
                                                       agreed to merge with
                                                                  Fairchild
                                                              Semiconductor
                                                          International Inc
                                                       (Fairchild), a South
                                                             Portland-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        semiconductors, for
                                                            $20 in cash per
                                                          common share or a
                                                             total of $2.27
                                                        billion in cash. In
                                                              October 2015,
                                                              Fairchild was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                           the entire share
                                                             capital of the
                                                                company. ON
                                                         Semiconductor Corp
                                                               and Infineon
                                                       Technologies AG were
                                                         named as potential
                                                                   bidders.
Sunoco LLC                  Sunoco LP          2,221.2      Sunoco LP (SUN)
                                                        agreed to pay about
                                                          $2.221 billion to
                                                                acquire the
                                                          remaining 68. 42%
                                                        interest it did not
                                                             already own in
                                                              Sunoco LLC, a
                                                       Newtown Square-based
                                                        wholesaler of motor
                                                            fuels, from ETP
                                                       Retail Holdings LLC,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                            Energy Transfer
                                                           Partners LP. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                          consist of around
                                                          $2.032 billion in
                                                               cash and the
                                                          issuance of 5.711
                                                         million SUN common
                                                            units valued at
                                                          $189.203 million.
                                                            The shares were
                                                            valued based on
                                                        SUN's closing stock
                                                         price of $33.13 on
                                                          13 November 2015,
                                                              the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
Ballast Point           Constellation          1,000.0 Constellation Brands
Brewing & Spirits          Brands Inc                         Inc agreed to
Inc                                                         acquire Ballast
                                                            Point Brewing &
                                                         Spirits Inc, a San
                                                       Diego-based producer
                                                          and wholesaler of
                                                         craft beer, for an
                                                          estimated $1 bil.
Waste Control         Rockwell Holdco            367.0 Rockwell Holdco Inc,
Specialists LLC                   Inc                      a unit of Energy
                                                        Capital Partners II
                                                            LLC, ultimately
                                                            owned by Energy
                                                           Capital Partners
                                                          LLC, definitively
                                                          agreed to pay for
                                                            $367 million to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                              Waste Control
                                                         Specialists LLC, a
                                                               Dallas-based
                                                          provider of waste
                                                         treatment, storage
                                                               and disposal
                                                       services, from Valhi
                                                             Inc, a unit of
                                                          Amalgamated Group
                                                                   Inc. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist of $270
                                                       million in cash, $20
                                                        million in Series A
                                                       Preferred Stock, and
                                                       the assumption of up
                                                          to $77 million in
                                                               liabilities.
SurgiQuest Inc            CONMED Corp            265.0          CONMED Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                              to merge with
                                                          SurgiQuest Inc, a
                                                              Milford-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       medical instruments,
                                                        for $265 million in
                                                                      cash.
Fluent Inc                    IDI Inc            255.0        IDI Inc (IDI)
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Fluent Inc, a New
                                                       York-based developer
                                                          of proprietary ad
                                                        serving technology,
                                                       for $254.95 million.
                                                          The consideration
                                                           would consist of
                                                       $100 million in cash
                                                        and the issuance of
                                                             15 million IDI
                                                       common shares valued
                                                       at $154.950 million.
                                                            The shares were
                                                            valued based on
                                                        IDI's closing stock
                                                         price of $10.33 on
                                                          16 November 2015,
                                                              the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
thinkThin LLC             Glanbia PLC            217.0       Glanbia PLC of
                                                       Republic of Ireland,
                                                          a unit of Glanbia
                                                       Co-Operative Society
                                                             Ltd, agreed to
                                                          acquire thinkThin
                                                                 LLC, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                               producer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                              confectionery
                                                         products, from TSG
                                                          Consumer Partners
                                                       LLC for $217 million
                                                                   in cash.
INetU Inc                 ViaWest Inc            162.5  ViaWest Inc, a unit
                                                                    of Shaw
                                                        Communications Inc,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                              INetU Inc, an
                                                            Allentown-based
                                                        provider of managed
                                                          hosting services,
                                                         from BV Investment
                                                           Partners LLC for
                                                            $162.5 million.
BE Smith Inc           AMN Healthcare            160.0       AMN Healthcare
                         Services Inc                  Services Inc planned
                                                        to acquire BE Smith
                                                        Inc, a Lenexa-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       healthcare executive
                                                       search services, for
                                                            $160 million in
                                                                      cash.
Simmons & Co        Piper Jaffray Cos            160.0    Piper Jaffray Cos
International                                            planned to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of Simmons &
                                                        Co International, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                                 securities
                                                        brokerage, for $160
                                                                   million.
Atlas Paper           Resolute Forest            156.0      Resolute Forest
Holdings Inc             Products Inc                       Products Inc of
                                                            Canada acquired
                                                       Atlas Paper Holdings
                                                        Inc, a manufacturer
                                                                at-home and
                                                             away-from-home
                                                       tissue products, for
                                                              $156 million.
High Point Bank      BNC Bancorp,High            141.3    BNC Bancorp (BNC)
Corp                     Point, North                   definitively agreed
                             Carolina                        to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of High Point-based
                                                       High Point Bank Corp
                                                           via a stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                           at $141.263 mil,
                                                       subject to proration
                                                                 and collar
                                                             agreement. BNC
                                                        offered a choice of
                                                            $300 in cash or
                                                             11.7818 common
                                                           shares for every
                                                           High Point share
                                                       held. Based on BNC's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                            of $25.45 on 13
                                                         November 2015, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                       High Point share was
                                                            valued at $300.
West Virginia                 Nexstar            130.0 Nexstar Broadcasting
Media Holdings     Broadcasting Group                             Group Inc
LLC-Television                    Inc                   definitively agreed
Stations(4)                                                    to acquire 4
                                                        television stations
                                                           of West Virginia
                                                        Media Holdings LLC,
                                                         a Charleston-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                              of television
                                                         stations, for $130
                                                                   million.
Regiment Capital     Sankaty Advisors            112.0 Sankaty Advisors LLC
Advisors LP-Loan                  LLC                   definitively agreed
Portfolio(4)                                           to acquire four $1.6
                                                               billion loan
                                                               portfolio of
                                                           Regiment Capital
                                                             Advisors LP, a
                                                               Boston-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 investment
                                                       management services,
                                                          for $112 million.
                                                        The deal was valued
                                                       based on 7% standard
                                                        capitalization rate
                                                         plus premium paid.
Rdio Inc-key        Pandora Media Inc             75.0    Pandora Media Inc
assets                                                    agreed to acquire
                                                          the Key Assets of
                                                            Rdio Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                        music services, for
                                                           an estimated $75
                                                                   million.
LensAR Inc              ALPHAEON Corp             59.0     ALPHAEON Corp, a
                                                         unit of Strathspey
                                                        Crown Holdings LLC,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                             LensAR Inc, an
                                                              Orlando-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         surgical appliance
                                                          and supplies, The
                                                             transaction is
                                                        valued at up to $59
                                                           million in cash,
                                                          stock and assumed
                                                                      debt.
Allo                       Nelnet Inc             46.3 Nelnet Inc agreed to
Communications LLC                                          acquire a 92.5%
                                                           interest in Allo
                                                        Communications LLC,
                                                          an Imperial-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         telecommunications
                                                       services, for $46.25
                                                                   million.
Towson              Retail Properties             39.7 Retail Properties of
Square,Towson,         of America Inc                  America Inc acquired
Maryland                                                   Towson Square, a
                                                               Towson-based
                                                              entertainment
                                                          center, for $39.7
                                                                   million.
Nova Technologies      Ainsworth Game             38.0       Ainsworth Game
LLC                    Technology Ltd                     Technology Ltd of
                                                                  Australia
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Nova Technologies
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                           Greenville-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          video slot gaming
                                                          machines, for $38
                                                                   million.
Optimatic Media    Matomy Media Group             25.0   Matomy Media Group
Inc                               Ltd                         Ltd of Israel
                                                         acquired Optimatic
                                                           Media Inc, a New
                                                                 York-based
                                                         programmatic video
                                                       advertising company,
                                                       for an estimated $25
                                                                   million.
Quaker Steak &       TravelCenters of             25.0     TravelCenters of
Lube                      America LLC                    America LLC agreed
                                                          to acquire Quaker
                                                            Steak & Lube, a
                                                               Sharon-based
                                                               full-service
                                                       restaurant operator,
                                                           for $25 million.
Lawrence Ripak Co  Magellan Aerospace             23.7   Magellan Aerospace
Inc                              Corp                       Corp of Canada,
                                                           through Magellan
                                                       Aerospace Processing
                                                           Long Island Inc,
                                                          acquired Lawrence
                                                       Ripak Co Inc, a West
                                                              Babylon-based
                                                          provider of metal
                                                                coating and
                                                        surfacing services,
                                                           for an estimated
                                                         $23.7 million. The
                                                       transaction included
                                                            Ripak Aerospace
                                                            Processing LLC.
AG Power Jerome           Clean Power             19.9 Clean Power Holdings
LLC,AG Power DCD         Holdings LLC                         LLC agreed to
LLC                                                      acquire the entire
                                                        share capital of AG
                                                       Power Jerome LLC and
                                                          AG Power DCD LLC,
                                                       owners and operators
                                                                  of biogas
                                                           facilities, from
                                                         Camco Clean Energy
                                                                Plc, for an
                                                            estimated $19.9
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                             consist of the
                                                        assumption of $14.3
                                                                 million in
                                                          liabilities, $4.6
                                                       million in cash, and
                                                        up to $1 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Systemax                      PCM Inc             14.0 PCM Inc definitively
Inc-certain B2B                                           agreed to acquire
assets                                                   certain B2B assets
                                                         of Systemax Inc, a
                                                                       Port
                                                           Washington-based
                                                               computer and
                                                         software retailer,
                                                           for $14 million.
Product Support             Eckoh PLC             10.6  Eckoh PLC of the UK
Solutions Inc                                              acquired Product
                                                          Support Solutions
                                                        Inc, a Dublin-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                information
                                                             technology and
                                                       consulting services,
                                                               for $10. 609
                                                               million. The
                                                              consideration
                                                        consisted of $8.519
                                                       million cash and the
                                                          issuance of 2.967
                                                       million new ordinary
                                                           shares valued at
                                                             $2.09 million.
A & W Technologies  US Water Services              9.0    US Water Services
Inc                               Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                         ALLETE Inc, agreed
                                                           to acquire A & W
                                                        Technologies Inc, a
                                                       Dunwoody-based water
                                                          treatment service
                                                           provider, for $9
                                                                   million.
FFCM LLC           AGF Management Ltd                    AGF Management Ltd
                                                         of Canada acquired
                                                             an undisclosed
                                                       majority interest in
                                                                FFCM LLC, a
                                                               Boston-based
                                                        investment advisor.
Justrite               Audax Group LP                        Audax Group LP
Manufacturing Co                                          acquired Justrite
LLC                                                        Manufacturing Co
                                                                 LLC, a Des
                                                              Plaines-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           safety container
                                                       products, from Baird
                                                       Capital Partners via
                                                         a secondary buyout
                                                         transaction. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
United Online Inc     B Riley Capital                        FLASH: B Riley
                      Management, LLC                   Capital Management,
                                                          LLC, a unit of B.
                                                       Riley Financial Inc,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                        the remaining stake
                                                        of 92.1% it did not
                                                             already own in
                                                       United Online Inc, a
                                                            Woodland Hills-
                                                             based internet
                                                          service provider.
Diamonds Direct            Blackstone                   Blackstone Tactical
USA Inc                      Tactical                         Opportunities
                        Opportunities                  Advisors LLC, a unit
                         Advisors LLC                   of Blackstone Group
                                                               LP, acquired
                                                        Diamonds Direct USA
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Charlotte-based
                                                       jewelry company, via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
J Mclaughlin Inc            Brentwood                       Via a secondary
                       Associates Inc                   buyout transaction,
                                                       Brentwood Associates
                                                             Inc acquired J
                                                          Mclaughlin Inc, a
                                                             Brooklyn-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                               clothing and
                                                        accessories, from J
                                                         Mclaughlin Inc SPV
                                                            (SPV), which is
                                                        jointly-owned by JH
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                            Paladin Capital
                                                              Group LLC and
                                                           Highland Capital
                                                              Partners LLC.
                                                            Previously, SPV
                                                                 acquired J
                                                       Mclaughlin through a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                       deal. Originally, in
                                                             November 2015,
                                                              Brentwood was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                              J Mclaughlin.
BenTrust Financial   Brown & Brown of                      Brown & Brown of
Inc-Certain Assets        Florida Inc                   Florida Inc, a unit
                                                           of Brown & Brown
                                                           Inc, provider of
                                                           retail insurance
                                                               products and
                                                                  services.
Michael James         Bullsnbears.com                                FLASH:
Enterprises Inc                   Inc                   Bullsnbears.com Inc
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                              Michael James
                                                         Enterprises Inc, a
                                                                provider of
                                                       marketing consulting
                                                                  services.
Nebraska Health        Carter Validus                         FLASH: Carter
Care Association     Mission Critical                       Validus Mission
                          Reit II Inc                  Critical Reit II Inc
                                                          acquired Nebraska
                                                                Health Care
                                                             Association, a
                                                              Lincoln-based
                                                         hospital operator.
                                                           The terms of the
                                                       transaction were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                               close to the
                                                           transaction, the
                                                       deal is estimated to
                                                           be valued at $13
                                                                   million.
Forum Analytics        CBRE Group Inc                        CBRE Group Inc
LLC                                                          acquired Forum
                                                           Analytics LLC, a
                                                              Chicago-based
                                                        software publisher.
Allure Global        Christie Digital                      Christie Digital
Solutions Inc         Systems USA Inc                       Systems USA Inc
                                                            acquired Allure
                                                           Global Solutions
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                        Atlanta-provider of
                                                         software solutions
                                                         services. Terms of
                                                          the deal were not
                                                                 disclosed.
California         Confie Seguros Inc                   Confie Seguros Inc,
Insurance                                                    a unit of ABRY
Specialists                                                   Partners LLC,
                                                        acquired California
                                                                  Insurance
                                                       Specialists, a Santa
                                                         Ana-based provider
                                                             of independent
                                                             personal lines
                                                        insurance services.
Reddwerks Corp           Dematic Corp                  FLASH: Dematic Corp,
                                                          a unit of Dematic
                                                              GmbH & Co KG,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                         Reddwerks Corp, an
                                                               Austin-based
                                                              reproducer of
                                                                  software.
Celladon Corp                   Eiger                         FLASH - Eiger
                   BioPharmaceuticals                    BioPharmaceuticals
                                  Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                       agreed to merge with
                                                       Celladon Corp, a San
                                                                Diego-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       biological products.
                                                           The terms of the
                                                       transaction were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                               close to the
                                                           transaction, the
                                                       deal is estimated to
                                                         be valued at $39.5
                                                                   million.
Manicube Inc          Elizabeth Arden                  Elizabeth Arden Spas
                             Spas Inc                          Inc acquired
                                                        Manicube Inc, a New
                                                        York-based provider
                                                           of personal care
                                                                  services.
Alliance Global      EPAM Systems Inc                      EPAM Systems Inc
Services LLC                                             planned to acquire
                                                            Alliance Global
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                         Conshohocken-based
                                                        software publisher.
The Mortgage         First Bancshares                          FLASH: First
Connection LLC                   Inc,                            Bancshares
                   Hattiesburg,Missis                  Inc,Hattiesburg,Miss
                                sippi                    issippi planned to
                                                       acquire The Mortgage
                                                          Connection LLC, a
                                                              Madison-based
                                                        mortgage securities
                                                           finance company.
Connexum LLC                 Gawk Inc                     Gawk Inc signed a
                                                           letter of intent
                                                           {LoI} to acquire
                                                           Connexum Llc, an
                                                               Irvine-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         telecommunication/
                                                                call center
                                                                termination
                                                                  services.
GCA Services Group GCA Services Group                    GCA Services Group
Inc                           Inc SPV                    Inc SPV, a special
                                                        purpose acquisition
                                                          vehicle formed by
                                                       the Merchant Banking
                                                        Division of Goldman
                                                           Sachs Group Inc,
                                                              Thomas H. Lee
                                                        Partners LP (Thomas
                                                           H. Lee), and GCA
                                                       Services Group Inc's
                                                             (GCA Services)
                                                         management, agreed
                                                             to acquire GCA
                                                                Services, a
                                                            Cleveland-based
                                                       provider of building
                                                                maintenance
                                                             services, from
                                                         Blackstone Capital
                                                              Partners V LP
                                                              (Blackstone),
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                       Blackstone Group LP.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed but,
                                                       according to sources
                                                               close to the
                                                        situation, the deal
                                                           was valued at an
                                                               estimated $1
                                                       billion. Originally,
                                                            in August 2015,
                                                             Blackstone was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                           its GCA Services
                                                        unit. Thomas H. Lee
                                                              was a rumored
                                                          potential bidder.
American Pacific      Huntsman Family                       Huntsman Family
Corp                  Investments LLC                       Investments LLC
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire American
                                                        Pacific Corp, a Las
                                                                Vegas-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       specialty chemicals,
                                                           from HIG Capital
                                                                       LLC.
Alpine Pictures         Inspirational                  FLASH: Inspirational
LLC                  Vision Media Inc                   Vision Media Inc, a
                                                             unit of Stereo
                                                       Vision Entertainment
                                                            Inc, planned to
                                                             acquire Alpine
                                                            Pictures LLC, a
                                                              Burbank-based
                                                                 television
                                                               broadcaster.
                                                               Concurrently
                                                       Inspirational Vision
                                                       Media Inc, a unit of
                                                              Stereo Vision
                                                         Entertainment Inc,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                         Emerald City of Oz
                                                         LLC, Dorothy of Oz
                                                        LLC, Star Team LLC.
Dorothy Of OZ LLC       Inspirational                   FLASH Inspirational
                     Vision Media Inc                   Vision Media Inc, a
                                                             unit of Stereo
                                                                     Vision
                                                          EntertainmentInc,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                       Dorothy Of OZ LLC, a
                                                              Burbank-based
                                                          provider of sales
                                                        financing services.
                                                               Concurrently
                                                       Inspirational Vision
                                                       Media Inc, a unit of
                                                              Stereo Vision
                                                         Entertainment Inc,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                         Emerald City of Oz
                                                       LLC, Alpine Pictures
                                                         LLC, and Star Team
                                                                       LLC.
Emerald City of Oz      Inspirational                  FLASH: Inspirational
LLC                  Vision Media Inc                   Vision Media Inc, a
                                                             unit of Stereo
                                                       Vision Entertainment
                                                            Inc, planned to
                                                       acquire Emerald City
                                                               of Oz LLC, a
                                                           Wilmington-based
                                                          provider of sales
                                                        financing services.
                                                               Concurrently
                                                       Inspirational Vision
                                                       Media Inc, a unit of
                                                              Stereo Vision
                                                         Entertainment Inc,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                       Alpine Pictures LLC,
                                                         Dorothy of Oz LLC,
                                                             Star Team LLC.
Star Team Llc           Inspirational                  FLASH: Inspirational
                     Vision Media Inc                   Vision Media Inc, a
                                                             unit of Stereo
                                                       Vision Entertainment
                                                            Inc, planned to
                                                          acquire Star Team
                                                                 Llc, a Las
                                                                Vegas-based
                                                                 television
                                                               broadcaster.
                                                               Concurrently
                                                       Inspirational Vision
                                                       Media Inc, a unit of
                                                              Stereo Vision
                                                         Entertainment Inc,
                                                         planned to acquire
                                                         Emerald City of Oz
                                                         LLC, Dorothy of Oz
                                                       LLC, Alpine Pictures
                                                                       LLC.
Heartland          IPC Healthcare Inc                            FLASH: IPC
Geriatrics Llc                                               Healthcare Inc
                                                         acquired Heartland
                                                         Geriatrics Llc, an
                                                        Overland Park-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          ambulatory health
                                                             care services.
Martin Potts &     Jones Lang LaSalle                    Jones Lang LaSalle
Associates Inc                    Inc                         Inc agreed to
                                                       acquire Martin Potts
                                                        & Associates Inc, a
                                                        Newport Beach-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        third-party project
                                                           and construction
                                                       management services.
Birchfield           Liquor Stores NA                        FLASH : Liquor
Ventures LLC                      Ltd                      Stores NA Ltd of
                                                          Canada planned to
                                                                acquire the
                                                        remaining 49% stake
                                                         it did not already
                                                          own in Birchfield
                                                            Ventures LLC, a
                                                       retailer of packaged
                                                       alcoholic beverages.
                                                        Concurrently Liquor
                                                              Stores NA Ltd
                                                           acquired all the
                                                        stake of Birchfield
                                                              Ventures LLC.
Birchfield           Liquor Stores NA                        FLASH : Liquor
Ventures LLC                      Ltd                      Stores NA Ltd of
                                                          Canada planned to
                                                              acquire a 51%
                                                                interest in
                                                        Birchfield Ventures
                                                         LLC, a retailer of
                                                         packaged alcoholic
                                                                 beverages.
                                                        Concurrently Liquor
                                                              Stores NA Ltd
                                                               acquired the
                                                        remaining interest.
Marsh & Co                MarksNelson                  MarksNelson acquired
                                                             Marsh & Co, an
                                                        Overland Park-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       accounting services.
Auto Spa Express      Mister Car Wash                     FLASH: Mister Car
                                  Inc                   Wash Inc, a unit of
                                                           ONCAP Management
                                                               Partners LP,
                                                          acquired Auto Spa
                                                                Express, an
                                                           Aurora-based car
                                                             wash operator.
FD Insurance Co         NORCAL Mutual                         NORCAL Mutual
                         Insurance Co                  Insurance Co, a unit
                                                           of NORCAL Group,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                              to acquire FD
                                                            Insurance Co, a
                                                         Jacksonville-based
                                                        provider of medical
                                                                malpractice
                                                        insurance services,
                                                       from Florida Doctors
                                                            Holding Co LLC.
AxelaCare Health          OptumRx Inc                   OptumRx Inc, a unit
Solutions LLC                                                 of Optum Inc,
                                                         acquired AxelaCare
                                                       Health SolutionsLLC,
                                                             a Lenexa-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       healthcare services,
                                                             from Excellere
                                                         Capital Fund LP, a
                                                          unit of Excellere
                                                              Partners LLC.
Platinum Partners              Orchid                   Orchid Underwriters
Insurance Services       Underwriters                    Agency Inc, a unit
Inc                        Agency Inc                  of Gryphon Investors
                                                          Inc, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          Platinum Partners
                                                         Insurance Services
                                                       Inc, a Peabody-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        insurance brokerage
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Decision First          Protiviti Inc                         Protiviti Inc
Technologies Inc                                          acquired Decision
                                                         First Technologies
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                       provider of business
                                                       intelligence and SAP
                                                        solutions services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
CxAnalytics           RMF Engineering                            FLASH: RMF
                                                       Engineering acquired
                                                             CxAnalytics, a
                                                         Williamsburg-based
                                                        commissioning firm.
                                                        CxAnalytics partner
                                                           with the federal
                                                                government,
                                                         healthcare, higher
                                                        education and other
                                                          sectors that need
                                                           mission critical
                                                           environments and
                                                         secure facilities.
Heritage Beverage        Saigon Asset                          Saigon Asset
Corp                  Management Corp                    Management Corp of
                                                         Vietnam planned to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          Heritage Beverage
                                                             Corp, brewery.
STEICO Industries          Senior PLC                  Senior PLC of the UK
Inc                                                         acquired STEICO
                                                         Industries Inc, an
                                                            Oceanside-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         precision tube and
                                                            duct and welded
                                                                 assemblies
GeoResults Inc       ShareTracker LLC                  FLASH : ShareTracker
                                                             LLC, a unit of
                                                              Telephia Inc,
                                                        acquired GeoResults
                                                       Inc, a Cumming-based
                                                        provider of telecom
                                                         marketing database
                                                                  services.
SyCara Local         SIM Partners Inc                      SIM Partners Inc
                                                            acquired SyCara
                                                                   Local, a
                                                           Scottsdale-based
                                                              local digital
                                                           presence and SEO
                                                                measurement
                                                                  platform.
Alloy Wheel Repair  Soundcore Capital                      FLASH: Soundcore
Specialists Inc          Partners LLC                  Capital Partners LLC
                                                                acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                          interest in Alloy
                                                               Wheel Repair
                                                         Specialists Inc, a
                                                             Norcross-based
                                                       automotive parts and
                                                                accessories
                                                                  retailer.
National Research  Stagwell Media LLC                   Stagwell Media LLC,
Group Inc                                                a unit of Stagwell
                                                                 Group LLC,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire National
                                                         Research Group Inc
                                                               (NRG), a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                         provider of market
                                                               research and
                                                       consulting services,
                                                         from VNU Marketing
                                                           Information Inc,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                                 Nielsen NV
                                                                 (Nielsen).
                                                         Orginally, in June
                                                          2015, Nielsen was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                                       NRG.
Breakthough          Synergy CHC Corp                      Synergy CHC Corp
Products Inc                                            acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                       Breakthough Products
                                                        Inc, a Denver-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           pharmaceuticals.
FuzeBox Software       Thinking Phone                        Thinking Phone
Corp                     Networks Inc                          Networks Inc
                                                           acquired FuzeBox
                                                       Software Corp, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                          cloud-based video
                                                               conferencing
                                                                   company.
Breeze-Eastern        TransDigm Group                     FLASH : TransDigm
Corp                              Inc                   Group Inc agreed to
                                                                 merge with
                                                       Breeze-Eastern Corp,
                                                           a Whippany-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                         specialty fastener
                                                           products, rescue
                                                       hoist and cargo hook
                                                         systems. The terms
                                                         of the transaction
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                           transaction, the
                                                       deal is estimated to
                                                              be worth $206
                                                                   million.
BirdDog Solutions      Transportation                                FLASH:
Inc                       Insight LLC                        Transportation
                                                       Insight LLC acquired
                                                          BirdDog Solutions
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Andover-based
                                                        software publisher.
Vetri Restaurant     Urban Outfitters                  Urban Outfitters Inc
Corp                              Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                           Vetri Restaurant
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                         Philadelphia-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                                 of Italian
                                                               restaurants.
Vistapharm Inc     Vertice Pharma LLC                    Vertice Pharma LLC
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          Vistapharm Inc, a
                                                                Largo-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                         preparation. Terms
                                                         of the transaction
                                                        were not disclosed.
PORT ROYALE                  Waterton                       FLASH: Waterton
APARTMENTS                Residential                           Residential
                             Property                   Property, a unit of
                                                        Waterton Associates
                                                            LLC, planned to
                                                        acquire PORT ROYALE
                                                         APARTMENTS, a Fort
                                                           Lauderdale-based
                                                                  lessor of
                                                                residential
                                                              buildings and
                                                                 dwellings.
US M&A Deals
Announced November
15-November 20,
2015
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 29, 1986 Tuesday

Investment Canada is given notifications

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 951 words


Investment Canada has been advised of the following investment plans.
 Under the agency's rules, notice must be given for these transactions but
 federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Blom AS of Norway to establish a business at St. John's to provide
 offshore surveying services.

Laurence D. Carlson of Akron, Ohio, and Paines PLC of Britain to
 establish a business at Hamilton for the wholesale distribution of
 ingredients and equipment for making beer and wine at home.

Dor Chemicals Ltd. of Israel to establish a business at St. John's to
 manage the assets of an oil refinery plant.

Ioptex Inc. of Azusa, Calif., to establish a business at Scarborough,
 Ont., to wholesale eye care products.

Liem Sioe Kong of Hong Kong to establish a business at Toronto to
 export Canadian industrial and manufacturing equipment and other Canadian
 products.

Management Science Associates Inc. of Pittsburgh to establish a
 business at Toronto to provide business services in the areas of marketing
 information systems, media systems and models, and consumer survey design
 and analysis.

Donato Marchelletta of Dearborn, Mich., and David Ricca of Warren,
 Mich., to establish a business at Windsor to retail food and food
 products.

P. Granzow APS of Denmark to establish a business at Brampton, Ont., to
 be engaged in industrial distribution in the field of fluid power and
 instrumentation.

Petro-Tube Inc. of Houston to establish a business at Toronto to
 wholesale industrial supplies such as tubes, valves, fittings, conveyors
 and pumps.

Sammi (America) Corp. of Gardena, Calif., to establish a business at
 Vancouver to import and sell specialty steel products and purchase and
 export lumber and other natural resources such as sulphur, magnesium and
 nickel.

Sawodo Fashion Trading Ltd. of Hong Kong to establish a business at
 Montreal to import clothing.

Symbol Technologies Inc. of Bohemia, N.Y., to establish a business at
 Toronto to import and manufacture electronic equipment and provide related
 products and services.

Tricom Inc. of Troy, Mich., to establish a business at Toronto to buy,
 sell and lease CAD/CAM computer systems.
 Acquisitions:

Arabian Investment Banking Corp. of Bahrein to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Mueller Canada Inc. of Milton, Ont., which
 manufactures and sells fluid-flow control products such as fire hydrants,
 gate valves, butterfly valves and related replacement parts and tools.

Brefinca Inc. of the Netherlands to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Finawest Development Corp. Ltd. of Toronto, a land
 development company.

CSA Acquisition Corp. of Richmond, Va., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by International Sea-Land Shipping Service Ltd. of
 Vancouver, which provides sales agency, terminal facility and vessel
 agency functions throughout Canada for an ocean carrier.

Dihurst Holdings Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Diemould Service Co. (Canada) Ltd. of Windsor, which
 distributes mould bases and components.

FHP Acquisition Corp. of Wisconsin to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Lily Cups Inc. of Scarborough, Ont., which manufactures
 disposable paper, plastic and foam cups and containers.

Guinness PLC of Britain to acquire control of the businesses carried on
 by Distillers Co. (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, A. F. Vigneux & Sons Inc. of
 Toronto, Norman Gilchrist Ltd. of Toronto, which are agents for a wide
 range of alcoholic beverages, and Tanqueray Gordon & Co. (Canada) Ltd. of
 Waterloo, Ont., which is a distiller of gin and vodka.

Ronald L. Hackel of Belleoram, Nfld., and Michael M. Gosse of
 Abbotsford, Wis., to acquire control of the business carried on by Sop's
 Arm Fisheries Ltd. of Sop's Arm, Nfld., which processes ground fish,
 caplin, mackerel, herring, squid and salmon.

ITT Industries of Canada Ltd., Toronto, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by WABCO-Standard Inc. of Bramalea, Ont., which
 manufactures and distributes heat transfer units.

Gerald E. Morris of Curacao, Netherlands Antilles, to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Intalite Inc. of Montreal, which
 manufactures ceiling systems.

PLS Industries Inc. of Downers Grove, Ill., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Punch-Lok Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., which
 manufactures and sells metal hose clamps and related products.

Reed Stenhouse Cos. Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Mid- West Insurance Services Ltd. of Saskatoon,
 which provides insurance brokerage services.

Roadway Services (Canada) Ltd. of the United States to acquire control
 of the business carried on by A. C. Transport Ltd. of Coutts, Alta., which
 is a common motor carrier.

Eric John Shaffert of Castleton, Vt., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Dijanna Vincent and Kenneth Vincent, known as The
 Enrichment School of Ottawa, which offers educational programs for
 children.

Thermo Electron Corp. of Waltham, Mass., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Instrumentation Laboratory Canada Ltd. of
 Mississauga, Ont., which distributes, sells and services instruments,
 parts and expendables used for elemental analysis by emission or
 absorption spectometry and related equipment.

Whittaker Corp. of Los Angeles to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Park Thermal Ltd. of Georgetown, Ont., which manufactures
 and sells heat treating furnaces, metallurgical chemicals and related
 services.

WMI Waste Management of Canada Inc., United States, to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Ace Site Services Ltd. of Bolton, Ont.,
 which rents and services portable toilets and washroom facilities and
 portable construction site buildings.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2009 The Financial Post Company
                        Financial Post Corporate Survey

                                 Nevoro Inc.
                                  Ticker: NVR

                           1440-155 University Ave
                           Toronto, ON,    M5H 3B7
                      (416) 368-5662    FAX:(416) 981-7641


CUSIP:        64156Y
SIC CODES:    1021  1041  1044
EXCHANGE:     TSX
TYPE:         Resource
INCORPORATED: Canada, May 16, 2007 ; orig. Ontario, March 1, 1945

COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
Has mineral interests in Nevada, Montana, California and British
Columbia.
In Nevada, holds option to acquire St. Elmo project, 8,645 acres, Elko
cty., consisting of Happy Tracks and Diamond Jim gold prospects,
requiring payment of US$1,95,000; option to acquire Silver King
lead-zinc-silver prospect, 8,420 acres, 140 km from Ely; option to
acquire Cross gold prospect, 3,380 acres, 140 km from Ely; option to
acquire Dome Hill gold prospect, 3,059 acres, 26 km southwest of
Bridgeport; and option to acquire Jenny Hill gold-silver-copper
prospect, 3,640 acres, 24 km west of Gabbs. Also holds Eagleville gold
prospect, 1,180 acres, Mineral cty.
In Montana, holds Stillwater polymetallic project, 18,000 acres,
Stillwater area; and option to acquire adjacent formerly producing
Benbow chromite property, 12 claims, requiring payment of US$5,000,000
within five years. If the option is exercised after the fifth year, but
before the tenth, payment of US$10,000,000 is required.
In California, holds Moonlight copper project, 6,857 acres, Plumas cty.,
consisting of Teagan prospect and option to acquire Superior Engels and
Diane prospects. At April 2007, indicated resource at Moonlight was
76,150,000 tons grading 0.413% copper, 0.003 opt gold and 0.124 opt
silver.
In British Columbia, holds option from Tilava Mining Corporation to
acquire Golden Loon nickel-cobalt prospect, 3,709 hectares, 7 km west of
Little Fort, requiring exploration expenditures of Cdn$1,050,000 to earn
an initial 75% interest. Black Panther Mining Corp. agreed to earn up to
37.5% interest for Cdn$1,000,000 exploration expenditures by September
2010.
Recent Merger and Acquisition Activity
Revised:   Jun 23, 2009
Announced:   Jun 23, 2009
Status:   pending
Starfield Resources Inc. agreed to acquire Nevoro Inc. for 0.87
Starfield common shares for every Nevoro share held.
Revised:   Jul 29, 2008
Announced:   Apr 25, 2008
Status:   complete
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Nevoro Inc. agreed to
acquire Sheffield Resources Ltd. on the basis of 0.8 Nevoro common
shares for each Sheffield share held, for a total value of
US$16,772,423. Sheffield holds the Moonlight copper project in Plumas
cty., Calif.
Revised:   Jun 10, 2008
Announced:   Apr 17, 2008
Status:   complete
UPDATE: The transaction to acquire Aurora Platinum Exploration Inc.
(formerly Aurora Metals (BVI) was completed for issuance of 19,981,476
Nevoro common shares. PREVIOUS: Nevoro Inc. agreed to acquire Aurora
Metals (BVI) Limited on a share-for-share basis. Aurora holds the
Stillwater PGE project in Montana.
Name changed from Denroy Resources Corporation, May 25, 2007.
Name changed from Denroy Manufacturing Corporation, June 14, 2005; basis
1 new for 35 old shs.
Name changed from Golden Shadow Resources Inc., Jan. 21, 1991, following
acquisition of Denroy Manufacturing Ltd.; basis 1 new for 9.5 old shs.
Name changed from Pershon Gold Mines Limited, Nov. 5, 1982.

FISCAL YEAR END: 31

TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE: S&P/TSE COMPOSITE INDICATOR: No
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE CODE:    15104020
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE GROUP:   Diversified Metals & Mining

FINANCIAL POST RANKINGS: FP 500:          No

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES:  Wholly Owned Subsidiaries - Aurora Platinum Exploration
Inc. British
Virgin Islands holds 100.0% interest in Aurora Metals USA, Inc.; Nevoro
Nevada Inc. Nev.; Sheffield Resources Ltd. Vancouver, B.C. holds 100.0%
interest in American Sheffield Inc.

EXECUTIVES: Tim Read
chr. & Director, London, Middx., United Kingdom
Victor H. Vic Bradley
deputy exec. chr. & Director, Toronto, Ont.
William V. Bill Schara
pres., CEO & Director, Spokane, Wash.
Melvin L. Mel Klohn
exec. v-p, explor. & Director, Spokane Valley, Wash.
James Ladner
Director, Kilchberg, Switzerland
Philip S. Phil Martin
Director, Toronto, Ont.
Sean Roosen
Director, Ont.
G. Ross McDonald
CFO
Ken Brook
v-p, exploration
Steven Dawson
v-p, corp. devel.
Talya Ziv-Av
v-p, legal affairs & corp. sec.

STOCK DATA:                           Authorized (shs.) Outstanding (shs.)
Par
Common                            unlimited           151854272      ...
 At Dec. 31, 2008

OWNERSHIP: The Brook Family Trust held 14.6% interest at May 9, 2008.

TRANSFER AGENT: Equity Transfer & Trust Company, Toronto, Ont.

LONG TERM DEBT: At Dec. 31, 2007, the company had no long-term debt.

EARNINGS AND FINANCES: Periods ended: .....................12M 2008-12-31
12M 2007-12-31
.....................................       US$000              US$000
Deprec., depl. & amort...........           27                 ...
Investment income....................          104                 155
Write-downs/write-offs...............       -28442                -109
Pre-tax income.......................       -32953               -3910
Income taxes.........................        -8119                 -56
Net inc. bef. disc. opers............       -24833               -3854
Net inc. bef. ext. items.............       -24833               -3854
Net income...........................       -24833               -3854
Net inc. attrib. to equity hldrs.....       -24833                 ...
Net income for com. shldrs...........       -24833               -3854
Current assets.......................         6068                5821
Fixed assets, net....................           90                  74
Explor./devel. properties............        23499               12130
Total assets.........................        29657               18025
Current liabilities..................          616                 369
Unissued capital reserve.............         3369                 282
Shareholders' equity.................        27831               14334
Cash flow............................        -3407               -1335
Funds from oper. activs..............        -4269               -1371
Net cash position....................         5737                5688
Explor./devel. expenditures..........         2701                1897
.....................................          US$                 US$
Earns. per sh. bef. disc. opers....    -0.220000           -0.060000
Earns. per sh. bef. ext. items.....    -0.220000           -0.060000
Earnings per share.................    -0.220000           -0.060000
Cash flow per share.................    -0.030200           -0.021000
Funds from oper. activ. per sh.......    -0.037900           -0.022000
.....................................          shs                 shs
No. of shs. o/s......................    151854272            75148585
Avg. no. of shs. o/s.................    112708678            62069012
.....................................            %                   %
Return on equity.....................  -117.789636          -55.795615
Return on assets.....................  -104.160899          -46.336596
 Common
HISTORICAL SUMMARY
Year End               Oper. Rev.      Net Inc. Bef. Disc.       EPS
                           US$000                   US$000        US$
2008                          nil                   -24833      -0.22
2007                          nil                    -3854      -0.06
2006                          nil                      -67      -0.07
2005                          nil                      -41      -0.05
 Common

PRICING: Price Range - NVR
Year                             High            Low          Close
2008...                         $0.72          $0.03          $0.10
2007...                         $0.71          $0.35          $0.53

CAPITAL CHANGES: In June 2008, private placement of 26,691,214 units (1 common
share &
warrant) at Cdn$0.35 unit was completed, with warrants exercisable at
Cdn0.50 per share for two years.

AUDITOR: McGovern, Hurley, Cunningham, LLP

LENGTH: 605 words

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009


                              140 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                               February 26, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: ResMed, Sysco, PSG;
Resmed adds Brightree; Sysco buys North Star Seafood; PSG purchases Flow
Polymers

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3336  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Engie SA-US               Atlas Power          3,300.0 Atlas Power, a joint
Thermal Assets                                            venture by Dynegy
                                                             Inc and Energy
                                                           Capital Partners
                                                          LLC, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                             the US thermal
                                                        assets of Engie SA,
                                                              a Paris-based
                                                       provider of electric
                                                          utility services,
                                                          for $3.3 billion.
                                                          Concurrently, the
                                                              Public Sector
                                                         Pension Investment
                                                         Board definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                       the US hydroelectric
                                                           assets of Engie.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                       December 2015, Engie
                                                          announced that it
                                                        was seeking a buyer
                                                         for its US thermal
                                                                    assets.
XO Communications             Verizon          1,800.0              Verizon
LLC-Fiber-Optic    Communications Inc                    Communications Inc
Network Business                                       agreed to pay around
                                                            $1.8 billion to
                                                                acquire the
                                                        fiber-optic network
                                                             business of XO
                                                        Communications LLC,
                                                            a Herndon-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         telecommunications
                                                       services owned by XO
                                                              Holdings Inc.
Vantage Oncology   McKesson Specialty          1,200.0   McKesson Specialty
LLC                            Health                     Health, a unit of
                                                             McKesson Corp,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                         to acquire Vantage
                                                            Oncology LLC, a
                                                                  Manhattan
                                                       Beach-based provider
                                                               of radiation
                                                          oncology, medical
                                                        oncology, and other
                                                                value-based
                                                          integrated cancer
                                                             care services.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                                   McKesson
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire Biologics
                                                               Inc. The two
                                                         transactions would
                                                            have a combined
                                                              value of $1.2
                                                                   billion.
Engie SA-US             Public Sector          1,200.0         The Canadian
Hydroelectric      Pension Investment                    state-owned Public
Assets                          Board                        Sector Pension
                                                           Investment Board
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire the US
                                                       hydroelectric assets
                                                             of Engie SA, a
                                                       Paris-based provider
                                                        of electric utility
                                                         services, for $1.2
                                                                   billion.
                                                        Concurrently, Atlas
                                                         Power definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                             the US thermal
                                                           assets of Engie.
Newport Corp          MKS Instruments            888.7  MKS Instruments Inc
                                  Inc                   definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of Newport Corp, an
                                                               Irvine-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         machinery, for $23
                                                       in cash per share or
                                                        a total of $888.714
                                                                   million.
Brightree LLC              ResMed Inc            800.0           ResMed Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire Brightree
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                        Lawrenceville-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       cloud-based software
                                                             services, from
                                                        Battery Ventures LP
                                                        for $800 million in
                                                                      cash.
Springfield               Western Gas            750.0 Western Gas Partners
Pipeline LLC              Partners LP                  LP agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                       Springfield Pipeline
                                                                 LLC, a The
                                                            Woodlands-based
                                                       provider of pipeline
                                                             transportation
                                                             services, from
                                                         Anadarko Petroleum
                                                             Corp, for $750
                                                                   million.
American Fruits &    Monster Beverage            690.0     Monster Beverage
Flavors                          Corp                     Corp definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          American Fruits &
                                                                 Flavors, a
                                                              Pacoima-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       flavoring syrups and
                                                          concentrates, for
                                                              $690 million.
CGSC North America          BB&T Corp            500.0 BB&T Corp agreed to
Holdings Corp                                            acquire CGSC North
                                                           America Holdings
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                              Suwanee-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        insurance brokerage
                                                             services, from
                                                         Cooper Gay Swett &
                                                           Crawford Ltd for
                                                            $500 million in
                                                          cash. The seller,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                          Lightyear Capital
                                                            LLC, originally
                                                               announced in
                                                         November 2015 that
                                                           it was seeking a
                                                            buyer for CGSC.
PowerSecure               Southern Co            421.9          Southern Co
International Inc                                       definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                             of PowerSecure
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                          Wake Forest-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          power systems and
                                                       switchgear products,
                                                         for $18.75 in cash
                                                       per share or a total
                                                       of $421.942 million.
BRG Sports          Vista Outdoor Inc            400.0    Vista Outdoor Inc
Inc-Action Sports                                       definitively agreed
Business                                                     to acquire the
                                                              Action Sports
                                                            business of BRG
                                                       Sports Inc, a Scotts
                                                               Valley-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                               sporting and
                                                            athletic goods,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                       Fenway Partners LLC.
                                                         The buyer plans to
                                                            pay around $400
                                                                  miland an
                                                         undisclosed amount
                                                          in profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Chesapeake Energy    FourPoint Energy            385.0 FourPoint Energy LLC
Corp-Remaining                    LLC                   definitively agreed
Western Anadarko                                             to acquire the
Basin Oil & Gas                                           remaining Western
Assets                                                 Anadarko Basin oil &
                                                              gas assets of
                                                          Chesapeake Energy
                                                          Corp, an Oklahoma
                                                         City-based oil and
                                                        gas exploration and
                                                        production company,
                                                          for $385 million.
Boxley Materials     Summit Materials            252.1 Summit Materials Inc
Co                                Inc                   definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Boxley
                                                            Materials Co, a
                                                              Roanoke-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 vertically
                                                                 integrated
                                                               construction
                                                                 materials.
                                                       Concurrently, Summit
                                                          acquired American
                                                          Materials Co. The
                                                           two transactions
                                                               would have a
                                                        combined value of a
                                                              around $252.1
                                                                   million.
Arbor Commercial   Arbor Realty Trust            244.6   Arbor Realty Trust
Mortgage                          Inc                      Inc definitively
LLC-Agency                                                agreed to acquire
Platform                                                the agency platform
                                                        of Arbor Commercial
                                                            Mortgage LLC, a
                                                            Uniondale-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        commercial mortgage
                                                           services, for an
                                                         estimated $244.611
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist of $125
                                                        million in cash and
                                                        $119.611 million in
                                                          Arbor shares. The
                                                         shares were valued
                                                           based on Arbor's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                             of $6.22 on 24
                                                         February 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                              day prior the
                                                              announcement.
Prestone Products        Centerbridge            230.0         Centerbridge
Corp                      Partners LP                    Partners LP agreed
                                                        to acquire Prestone
                                                           Products Corp, a
                                                              Danbury-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        coolants, from Rank
                                                         Group Ltd for $230
                                                        million in cash via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
CSI Leasing Inc         Century Tokyo            204.3        Century Tokyo
                         Leasing Corp                       Leasing Corp of
                                                             Japan plans to
                                                                acquire the
                                                            remaining 65.4%
                                                       interest it does not
                                                         already own in CSI
                                                         Leasing Inc, a St.
                                                       Louis-based provider
                                                       of equipment leasing
                                                               and disposal
                                                              services, for
                                                          $204.286 million.
Gastar Exploration       Tug Hill Inc             80.0         Tug Hill Inc
Inc-Certain                                             definitively agreed
Appalachian Basin                                        to acquire certain
Assets                                                    Appalachian basin
                                                           assets of Gastar
                                                         Exploration Inc, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                       natural gas, for $80
                                                                   million.
NWP Services Corp        RealPage Inc             68.0   RealPage Inc plans
                                                             to acquire NWP
                                                          Services Corp, an
                                                               Irvine-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                  financial
                                                                transaction
                                                        processing services
                                                       for an estimated $68
                                                                   million.
Radiancy Inc            DS Healthcare             24.5  DS Healthcare Group
                            Group Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                        capital of Radiancy
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                           Orangeburg-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         surgical appliance
                                                         and supplies, from
                                                         PhotoMedex Inc for
                                                         $24.5 million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist off $20
                                                                 million in
                                                       convertible Series A
                                                        preferred stock and
                                                            $4.5 million in
                                                       notes. Concurrently,
                                                              DS Healthcare
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                              of Photomedex
                                                            Technology Inc.
Photomedex              DS Healthcare             23.3  DS Healthcare Group
Technology Inc              Group Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                                 Photomedex
                                                          Technology Inc, a
                                                              Horsham-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             surgical laser
                                                                 technology
                                                            equipment, from
                                                          PhotoMedex Inc in
                                                          exchange for 8.75
                                                             million common
                                                        shares collectively
                                                           valued at $23.26
                                                        million. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                            DS Healthcare's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                             of $1.63 on 19
                                                         February 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
                                                           Concurrently, DS
                                                                 Healthcare
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                           of Radiancy Inc.
Miltec Corp           General Atomics             14.6      General Atomics
                        International                         International
                        Services Corp                         Services Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Miltec
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Hunstville-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                               missiles and
                                                         aerospace systems,
                                                          from Ducommun Inc
                                                           for an estimated
                                                           $14.6 million in
                                                                      cash.
KEYW Corp-systems   Quantech Services             12.0    Quantech Services
engineering &                     Inc                      Inc definitively
technical                                                 agreed to acquire
assistance                                                      the systems
business                                                      engineering &
                                                       technical assistance
                                                           business of KEYW
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                              Hanover-based
                                                        software publisher,
                                                         for $12 million in
                                                        cash. The seller is
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                           The KEYW Holding
                                                                      Corp.
Single Family        American Housing              8.3     American Housing
Homes                   Income Trust,                  Income Trust, agreed
Portfolio(50),Phoe                                             to acquire a
nix,Arizona                                                 portfolio of 50
                                                       single-family homes,
                                                        located in Phoenix,
                                                            Arizona, for an
                                                             estimated $8.3
                                                                   million.
Alamo Resources II Nostra Terra Oil &              3.0   Nostra Terra Oil &
LLC-Permian Basin          Gas Co PLC                     Gas Co PLC of the
                                                              UK, agreed to
                                                              acquire a 60%
                                                            interest in the
                                                           Permian Basin of
                                                         Alamo Resources II
                                                       LLC, a Houston-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                        natural gas, for $3
                                                                   million.
G4 Health Systems     ABILITY Network                   ABILITY Network Inc
Inc                               Inc                    acquired G4 Health
                                                             Systems Inc, a
                                                       Tulsa-based provider
                                                       of ambulatory health
                                                             care services.
EnviroShred NW Inc Access Information                    Access Information
                           Management                    Management, a unit
                                                               of Berkshire
                                                        Partners LLC, plans
                                                                 to acquire
                                                        EnviroShred NW Inc,
                                                           a Portland-based
                                                        software publisher.
APR Energy PLC       ACON Investments                      ACON Investments
                                  LLC                    LLC, a unit of TPG
                                                       Capital LP, acquired
                                                           the entire share
                                                             capital of APR
                                                              Energy PLC, a
                                                         Jacksonville-based
                                                             electric power
                                                        generation facility
                                                                  operator.
AMG Energy Group   Alliance Bioenergy                   Alliance Bio Energy
LLC                          Plus Inc                  Inc plans to acquire
                                                          the remaining 49%
                                                          stake it does not
                                                         already own in AMG
                                                        Energy Group LLC, a
                                                              Florida-based
                                                       provider of research
                                                            and development
                                                                  services.
Group Benefit        AmWINS Group Inc                      AmWINS Group Inc
Services Inc                                                 acquired Group
                                                           Benefit Services
                                                                Inc, a Hunt
                                                               Valley-based
                                                          administrators of
                                                         employee benefits.
Automotive          APCO Holdings Inc                     APCO Holdings Inc
Development Group                                       acquired the entire
LLC                                                        share capital of
                                                                 Automotive
                                                          Development Group
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                          Bloomington-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             consulting and
                                                        compliance services
                                                         as well as finance
                                                              and insurance
                                                          related products,
                                                        from Zabel Cos LLC.
Tekni Consulting     Applied Software                      Applied Software
LLC                    Technology Inc                        Technology Inc
                                                             acquired Tekni
                                                          Consulting LLC, a
                                                         Chesterfield-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                information
                                                       technology services.
Super-Krete           Arizona Polymer                       Arizona Polymer
International Inc        Flooring Inc                          Flooring Inc
                                                       acquired Super-Krete
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                        Spring Valley-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            concrete repair
                                                                  products.
Hammer And Tusk             Axiom Zen                    Axiom Zen acquired
                                                           Hammer & Tusk, a
                                                        software developer.
Norris & Co        Berkshire Hathaway                    Berkshire Hathaway
                         HomeServices                  HomeServices Florida
                       Florida Realty                     Realty, a unit of
                                                       WCI Communities Inc,
                                                          acquired Norris &
                                                                 Co, a Vero
                                                           Beach-based real
                                                       estate agency. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
C-TABS llc                  Billtrust                    Billtrust acquired
                                                              C-TABS llc, a
                                                                   Fountain
                                                               Valley-based
                                                       provider of computer
                                                          related services.
RedBumper LLC          CDK Global Inc                        CDK Global Inc
                                                         acquired Redbumper
                                                         Llc, a Plano-based
                                                       provider of business
                                                          support services.
                                                           Concurrently CDK
                                                        Global Inc acquired
                                                               NewCarIQ LLC
NewCar IQ              CDK Global Inc                        CDK Global Inc
LLC,RedBumper LLC                                        acquired NewCar IQ
                                                          LLC and RedBumper
                                                         LLC, a Plano-based
                                                              developers of
                                                                 automotive
                                                       technology services,
                                                                 from Pearl
                                                        Technology Holdings
                                                                       LLC.
Shoppes at Arts    Cedar Realty Trust                    Cedar Realty Trust
District,Hyattsvil                Inc                  Inc acquired Shoppes
le,MD                                                   at Arts District, a
                                                          Hyattsville-based
                                                                  lessor of
                                                             nonresidential
                                                           buildings. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                           transaction, the
                                                            deal was valued
                                                               around $20.5
                                                                   million.
Enrich LLC         Data Intensity LLC                    Data Intensity LLC
                                                       acquired Enrich LLC,
                                                       an Oracle enterprise
                                                         solution provider.
                                                          Concurrently Data
                                                              Intensity LLC
                                                           acquired Inatech
                                                             Solutions Ltd.
Seagate Technology    Datacastle Corp                       Datacastle Corp
PLC-Endpoint Data                                         acquired endpoint
Protection Assets                                           data protection
                                                          assets of Seagate
                                                          Technology PLC, a
                                                            Cupertino-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           computer storage
                                                                   devices.
Whisk Inc                    Deem Inc                     Deem Inc acquired
                                                           Whisk Inc, a New
                                                        York-based provider
                                                                 of freight
                                                             transportation
                                                                arrangement
                                                                  services.
Dental Laboratory  Digital Dental Lab                    Digital Dental Lab
Milling Supplies                  LLC                   LLC acquired Dental
Llc                                                      Laboratory Milling
                                                            Supplies Llc, a
                                                           Scottsdale-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          ambulatory health
                                                             care services.
Disciplined Wealth Efficient Advisors                    Efficient Advisors
Strategies Inc                    LLC                       LLC merged with
                                                         Disciplined Wealth
                                                         Strategies Inc, an
                                                        investment advisor.
Opterra Energy               Engie SA                    Engie SA of France
Group Inc                                                  acquired Opterra
                                                       Energy Group Inc, an
                                                              Oakland-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             energy-related
                                                                  services.
GovHelper                   GovQA Inc                    GovQA Inc acquired
                                                          GovHelper, a data
                                                        management company.
Property                      HFF Inc                    HFF Inc acquired a
Portfolio(8)                                                 portfolio of 8
                                                         properties located
                                                           in Indianapolis.
United                      Honeywell                             Honeywell
Technologies Corp   International Inc                  International Inc is
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                          capital of United
                                                       Technologies Corp, a
                                                             Hartford-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          aerospace systems
                                                                  products.
Marriott(10)           Investor Group                    An investor group,
                                                               comprised of
                                                        Interstate Hotels &
                                                            Resorts Inc and
                                                       Waramaug Hospitality
                                                              LLC, plans to
                                                       acquire a collection
                                                            of ten Marriott
                                                                    branded
                                                              extended-stay
                                                         hotels. Interstate
                                                         Hotels & Resortssi
                                                           jointly owned by
                                                        Jinjiang Hotels and
                                                             Thayer Lodging
                                                                     Group.
Molecular                 INVICRO LLC                  INVICRO LLC acquired
NeuroImaging LLC                                                  Molecular
                                                        NeuroImaging LLC, a
                                                            New Haven-based
                                                        provider of imaging
                                                        solutions services.
CollectorSolutions        JetPay Corp                    JetPay Corp agreed
Inc                                                           to merge with
                                                         CollectorSolutions
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Pensacola-based
                                                          provider of debit
                                                                 and credit
                                                       processing services.
Huntley, Mullaney, Jones Lang LaSalle                    Jones Lang LaSalle
Spargo & Sullivan,                Inc                          Inc acquired
Inc                                                              Huntley, a
                                                            Roseville-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
Procter & Gamble    Kimberly Clark de                     Kimberly Clark de
Co-Escudo Soap        Mexico SA de CV                    Mexico SA de CV of
Brand                                                     Mexico, a unit of
                                                             Kimberly-Clark
                                                           Health Care Inc,
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                       Escudo soap brand of
                                                       Procter & Gamble Co,
                                                         a Cincinnati-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          detergents. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Think Social LLC     Learfield Sports                      Learfield Sports
                                  LLC                        LLC, a unit of
                                                                  Learfield
                                                        Communications Inc,
                                                             acquired Think
                                                              Social LLC, a
                                                           Montgomery-based
                                                        provider of digital
                                                       marketing agency and
                                                               social media
                                                       marketing consulting
                                                                  services.
CVL lithium          Lithium X Energy                      Lithium X Energy
property                         Corp                        Corp of Canada
                                                       acquired CVL lithium
                                                        property, a Clayton
                                                               Valley-based
                                                               chemical and
                                                         fertilizer mineral
                                                             mine operator.
Tricor Staffing       Mainz Solutions                    Mainz Solutions, a
LLC                                                           unit of Magna
                                                            Management LLC,
                                                            acquired Tricor
                                                           Staffing LLC, an
                                                            Allentown-based
                                                         provider of talent
                                                            recruitment and
                                                         staffing services.
McGee Claims       Matica Enterprises                    Matica Enterprises
                                  Inc                         Inc of Canada
                                                             acquired McGee
                                                          Claims, a Clayton
                                                               Valley-based
                                                               chemical and
                                                         fertilizer mineral
                                                             mine operator.
Biologics Inc      McKesson Specialty                    McKesson Specialty
                               Health                     Health, a unit of
                                                             McKesson Corp,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire Biologics
                                                          Inc, a Cary-based
                                                       provider of oncology
                                                         pharmacy services.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                                   McKesson
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                         to acquire Vantage
                                                          Oncology LLC. The
                                                           two transactions
                                                               would have a
                                                          combined value of
                                                              $1.2 billion.
MBS/Net Inc         Medsphere Systems                     Medsphere Systems
                                 Corp                     Corp acquired the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of MBS/Net Inc, a
                                                            Cleveland-based
                                                        software publisher.
Xamarin Inc            Microsoft Corp                        Microsoft Corp
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                         Xamarin Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                              reproducer of
                                                                  software.
NextEra Energy         NextEra Energy                        NextEra Energy
Resources                 Partners LP                   Partners LP, a unit
LLC-Seiling I & II                                        of NextEra Energy
Wind Energy                                                  Inc, agreed to
Centers                                                   acquire via an an
                                                                   internal
                                                         reorganization the
                                                        Seiling I & II wind
                                                           energycenters of
                                                             NextEra Energy
                                                           Resources LLC, a
                                                           Juno Beach-based
                                                         alternative energy
                                                                    sources
                                                              establishment
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                        NextEra Energy Inc.
Charleston           Odgers Berndtson                   Odgers Berndtson of
Partners                                                    Canada acquired
                                                       Charleston Partners,
                                                        a provider of human
                                                              resources and
                                                           executive search
                                                       consulting services.
Flow Polymers LLC   Polymer Solutions                     Polymer Solutions
                                Group                      Group, a unit of
                                                            Arsenal Capital
                                                               Partners LP,
                                                              acquired Flow
                                                            Polymers LLC, a
                                                            Cleveland-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            proprietary and
                                                            custom chemical
                                                          dispersions, from
                                                        Geneva Glen Capital
                                                                       LLC.
Propel Financial      Prophet Capital                       Prophet Capital
Services LLC         Asset Management                   Asset Management LP
                                   LP                      plans to acquire
                                                           Propel Financial
                                                        Services LLC, a San
                                                              Antonio-based
                                                       provider of consumer
                                                          lending services,
                                                        from Encore Capital
                                                                 Group Inc.
Safety Works Inc           Protective                            Protective
                           Industrial                            Industrial
                         Products Inc                  ProductsInc acquired
                                                        Safety Works Inc, a
                                                              Wexford-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        safety gloves, hard
                                                             hats and other
                                                                equipments.
Manifest Commerce   Rakuten Marketing                     Rakuten Marketing
Inc                               LLC                        LLC, a unit of
                                                               Rakuten Inc,
                                                          acquired Manifest
                                                        Commerce Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                        advertising agency.
Reverse Risk LLC           Reynolds &                   Reynolds & Reynolds
                          Reynolds Co                   Co acquired Reverse
                                                            Risk LLC, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                               developer of
                                                        web-based analytics
                                                         platform software.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
United Uniform Co      Safariland LLC                     Safariland LLC, a
Inc                                                    unit of Kanders & Co
                                                       Inc, acquired United
                                                          Uniform Co Inc, a
                                                              Buffalo-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                        equipment, tactical
                                                         gear and uniforms.
PredictionIO       Salesforce.com Inc                    Salesforce.com Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                            PredictionIO, a
                                                             Stanford-based
                                                               developer of
                                                        open-source machine
                                                         learning software.
Rolling Greens             Sedgefield                   Sedgefield Interior
Inc-Charlotte &              Interior                  Landscapes Inc plans
Greensboro Branch      Landscapes Inc                        to acquire the
                                                                Charlotte &
                                                       Greensboro branch of
                                                        Rolling Greens Inc,
                                                            a Clinton-based
                                                            plant retailer.
Eastridge           SHI International                     SHI International
Technology Inc                   Corp                         Corp acquired
                                                       Eastridge Technology
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                        Winston-Salem-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                information
                                                       technology services.
DraftFury             SinglePoint Inc                       SinglePoint Inc
                                                       executed a Letter of
                                                       Intent to acquire an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                                interest in
                                                               DraftFury, a
                                                             Pasadena-based
                                                                fitness and
                                                        recreational sports
                                                           center operator.
CAS                      Spectris PLC                   Spectris PLC of the
Clean-Air-Service                                           UK acquired CAS
AG                                                       Clean-Air- Service
                                                        AG, a Wattwil-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                              measuring and
                                                       controlling devices.
Bury Inc                  Stantec Inc                        Stantec Inc of
                                                            Canada signed a
                                                       letter of intent to
                                                       acquire Bury Inc, an
                                                               Austin-based
                                                                provider of
                                                           multi-discipline
                                                          design consulting
                                                                  services.
IDEAlley               SureSource LLC                     SureSource LLC, a
                                                            unit of Veronis
                                                           Suhler Stevenson
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                       acquired IDEAlley, a
                                                             New York-based
                                                        provider of digital
                                                        marketing services.
Technorati Inc            Synacor Inc                  Synacor Inc acquired
                                                          Technorati Inc, a
                                                        San Francisco-based
                                                           internet service
                                                       provider. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
North Star Seafood         Sysco Corp                   Sysco Corp acquired
LLC                                                      North Star Seafood
                                                             LLC, a Pompano
                                                       Beach-based producer
                                                          and wholesaler of
                                                           fresh and frozen
                                                          seafood products.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
QUEsocial LLC       Technomedia-Hodes                     Technomedia-Hodes
                                   iQ                         iQ, a unit of
                                                        Bernard Hodes Group
                                                          Inc, acquired the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of QUEsocial LLC, a
                                                              Chicago-based
                                                          provider of human
                                                              resources and
                                                           executive search
                                                       consulting services.
ServRx Inc                Todd Delano                  Todd Delano acquired
                                                             an undisclosed
                                                          majority interest
                                                         through management
                                                           buyout in ServRx
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                           Scottsdale-based
                                                                drug claims
                                                        processing company.
Sentrix                Trusted Knight                   Trusted Knight Corp
                                 Corp                   acquired Sentrix, a
                                                            cloud-based Web
                                                       application security
                                                                  provider.
FlexScore Inc          United Capital                        United Capital
                   Financial Advisers                     FinancialAdvisers
                                  LLC                        LLC, a unit of
                                                             United Capital
                                                         Financial Partners
                                                              Inc, acquired
                                                           FlexScore Inc, a
                                                                provider of
                                                         financial advisory
                                                                  services.
Century                      Upstream                  Upstream Exploration
Exploration New       Exploration LLC                  LLC acquired Century
Orleans LLC                                                     Exploration
                                                          NewOrleans LLC, a
                                                             Metairie-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                          natural gas, from
                                                         RAAM Global Energy
                                                            Co. Cocurrently
                                                       Upstream Exploration
                                                       LLC acquired Century
                                                        Exploration Houston
                                                                       LLC.
Century                      Upstream                  Upstream Exploration
Exploration           Exploration LLC                  LLC acquired Century
Houston LLC                                             Exploration Houston
                                                         LLC, a producer of
                                                        crude petroleum and
                                                               natural gas.
                                                               Concurrently
                                                       Upstream Exploration
                                                       LLC acquired Century
                                                            Exploration New
                                                               Orleans LLC.
A&E Medical Corp         Vance Street                  Vance Street Capital
                          Capital LLC                      LLC acquired A&E
                                                            Medical Corp, a
                                                               Durham-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          ambulatory health
                                                             care services.
Contact Solutions  Verint Systems Inc                    Verint Systems Inc
Inc                                                        acquired Contact
                                                           Solutions Inc, a
                                                               Reston-based
                                                       provider of customer
                                                             care solutions
                                                       services, from North
                                                       Bridge Growth Equity
                                                                  and other
                                                       undisclosed sellers.
DramaFever Corp       Warner Bros Inc                    Warner Bros Inc, a
                                                        unit of Time Warner
                                                              Inc, plans to
                                                         acquire DramaFever
                                                                Corp, a New
                                                        York-based internet
                                                          service provider,
                                                              from SoftBank
                                                           Internet & Media
                                                            Inc, ultimately
                                                          owned by SoftBank
                                                                Group Corp.
DramaFever Corp       Warner Bros Inc                    Warner Bros Inc, a
                                                        unit of Time Warner
                                                             Inc, agreed to
                                                         acquire DramaFever
                                                                Corp, a New
                                                        York-based provider
                                                            of online video
                                                          hosting services,
                                                              from SoftBank
                                                           Internet & Media
                                                             Inc, a unit of
                                                       SoftBank Group Corp.
                                                        Originally, in July
                                                         2015, Softbank was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                       its DramaFever unit.
                                                          Warner and IAC of
                                                         Barry Driller were
                                                              named rumored
                                                         bidders back then.
Advicare              Wellcare Health                       Wellcare Health
Corp-certain                Plans Inc                  Plans Inc agreed to
assets                                                      acquire certain
                                                         assets of Advicare
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Greenville-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                                  of health
                                                                maintenance
                                                        organization. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
US M&A Deals
Announced February
19-25, 2016
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                             July 26, 1991, Friday
                              Correction Appended


To date, only Hawaii and Montana still lack laws that permit some kind of
interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and the remaining states
have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as follows. This feature is
compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

 ALABAMA: Effective in July 1987, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been in existence for at least five
years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, out-of-state bank holding companies may acquire
banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. Out-of-state institutions may set up de novo
operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31, 1984, Arizona
financial institutions less than five years old are protected from hostile
out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Arkansas permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan.
1, 1989. The region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida,
Georgia, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North
Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West
Virginia. The acquiring bank holding company must comply with the federal
Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 and submit a plan for meeting the credit
needs of individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the
transaction.

CALIFORNIA: Full nationwide reciprocal banking began Jan. 1, 1991. A law
effective in July 1987 allowed California banks to be acquired by bank holding
companies in the 12th Federal Reserve District, plus Colorado, New Mexico, and
Texas.

COLORADO: Full nationwide interstate banking was permitted on Jan. 1, 1991.
Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states had been effective since
July 1, 1988.

CONNECTICUT: Effective March 19, 1990, Public Act 90-2 allows banking
institutions and holding companies from outside New England to acquire
Connecticut banking institutions and holding companies on a reciprocal basis.
Out-of-state holding companies may establish de novo banking institutions and
holding companies in Connecticut, on a reciprocal basis, beginning Feb. 1, 1992.


DELAWARE: On June 30, 1990, reciprocal nationwide banking became effective.
Stockholders of in-state banks may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state
takeovers.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from Alabama,
Arkansas, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The
1984 law stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least
two years old.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Georgia banks that are at
least five years old, under laws of 1984, 1987, and 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state have been permitted to buy Idaho banks
and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking became effective Dec. 1,
1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this bill amends
the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Bank holding companies from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. IC 28-2-15 1, the
law passed in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June
1, 1987, adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
and Wisconsin to the compact. No out-of-state bank holding company may acquire
more than 12% of the total deposits of all financial institutions in the state.
Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes into effect July 1, 1992 (IC
28-2-16-1).

IOWA: In 1990, the Iowa legislature adopted HF 685, permitting regional
interstate banking - effective Jan. 1, 1991 - for the contiguous states of
Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.

KANSAS: Full reciprocal interstate banking takes effect in Kansas on July 1,
1992. Since July 1, 1991, a bank holding company in a reciprocal state
contiguous to Kansas, or in Arkansas or Iowa, has been permitted to acquire a
bank or bank holding company in Kansas, with approval of the state banking
board. Gov. Joan Finney signed this new law (House Bill 2059) on March 18, 1991.


KENTUCKY: Since 1985, bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. No company is allowed to
control more than 15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full interstate banking on a reciprocal basis became effective Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the
state. A separate regional reciprocal arrangement allows banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland banks.
Bank holding companies from outside the regional pacts may establish
limited-purpose banks in Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983.

MASSACHUSETTS: Nationwide banking for Massachusetts banks was authorized by
Chapter 102 of the Acts of 1990, effective Sept. 4, 1990. Banks are permitted to
opt out of this statute by a two-thirds vote of their directors until June 30,
1992.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been allowed to acquire Minnesota banks on a
reciprocal basis. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24,
1988) add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and
Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire
Mississippi banks after July 1, 1988. On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia were also allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking became effective Jan. 1,
1991. On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening Nebraska to
regional reciprocal interstate banking for one year beginning Jan. 1, 1990.

NEVADA: Since July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations have been permitted to
acquire an existing institution, charter a new institution, or establish a
branch office. Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Gov. Judd Gregg signed SB 387 into law on April 13, 1990,
permitting nationwide interstate banking. This law expands state deposit caps on
banks to 20% from 15% and grants authority to the bank commissioner to waive the
20% rule with the concurrence of the attorney general's office under the same
criteria that federal regulators use in a merger, consolidation, or acquisition
of an unhealthy institution. Legislation enacted in 1987, allowing New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years, has been retained.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that are currently certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Delaware, Idaho,
Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico,
New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Dakota,
Texas, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming. Puerto Rico is
also been certified.

(Indiana meets this reciprocal test beginning July 1, 1992).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed beginning July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
and West Virginia may enter his state under a law enacted in 1984.

NORTH DAKOTA: The North Dakota legislature passed a nationwide reciprocal
interstate banking law that was signed by Gov. George Sinner on March 14, 1991.
It took effect on July 1, 1991.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis.

OKLAHOMA: Since July 1, 1987, bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation
have been allowed to acquire healthy Oklahoma institutions. There is no
reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's law. To expand after the purchase,
the acquiring institution's home state must have similar legislation on its
books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state institution must wait four
years before expanding.

OREGON: Effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: March 4, 1990, was Pennsylvania's trigger date for nationwide
reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state requires at least 50% of the board of
directors of any banking company new in the state to be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Since Feb. 1, 1990, banks from any state have been allowed to acquire
Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri,
and Ohio may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on
a reciprocal basis.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.
The American Banker

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 2389 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 6, 1991, Tuesday

CORRECTION:

The July 26 "Trigger Dates" column was in error on the status in Kansas.
Regional interstate banking begins in Kansas on July 1, 1992.

A bank holding company in a reciprocal state contiguous to Kansas, or in
Arkansas or Iowa, will be permitted to acquire a bank or bank holding company in
Kansas, subject to approval of the state banking board.

                      Copyright 1991 American Banker, Inc.


                              142 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 3, 1986 Tuesday

Two investment plans approved by Ottawa

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1115 words


Two foreign investment proposals have been approved after review by
 Investment Canada.

Approved are plans by:

Alexis Nihon Investments Inc. of Montreal, wholly owned by
 International Bankers Ltd. of the Bahamas, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Sydney Development Corp. of Vancouver, which
 develops and sells computer software packages, develops and licences
 computer video games and provides software consulting services.

Carrier Canada Ltd. of Brampton, Ont., a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Carrier Corp. of Syracuse, N.Y., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by D. S. Fraser Equipment Inc. of Ottawa, which distributes
 air-conditioning, heating and commercial refrigeration parts and
 equipment.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Barney Services Inc. of Liberia to establish a business at Vancouver to
 operate a management company.

Cross & Trecker Corp. of Bloomfield Hills, Mich., to establish a
 business at Windsor to provide technical consulting and contracting
 services.

Decorators Delivery Services Inc. of Los Angeles to establish a
 business at Toronto to provide general contracting services related to the
 decoration and installation of hotel equipment.

Demeyere SA of France to establish a business at Montreal to sell
 ready-to-assemble furniture kits.

Five Star Mortgage Corp. of Dallas to establish a business at Toronto
 for mortgage lending and real estate investments.

Lindsay Forest Products Inc. of Gainesville, Ga., to establish a
 business in British Columbia to manufacture debarker arms and tips for the
 timber industry.

Norwegian Enterprises Inc. of Norway to establish a business at
 Campbell River, B.C., to engage in salmon farming and hatchery, the sale
 of fish farming equipment and related consulting services.

Omron Business Systems Inc. of Schaumberg, Ill., to establish a
 business at Scarborough, Ont., to distribute and service retail system
 terminals, point-of-sale related systems, credit authorization systems,
 software and related equipment.

Rica Hotell-og Restaurantkjede AS of Norway to establish a business at
 Vancouver to operate a restaurant at the Norwegian Pavilion at Expo 86.

Toshiba of Canada Ltd., Japan, to establish a business at Willowdale,
 Ont., to engage in the wholesale distribution and service of information
 systems, including personal computers, printers and related products.

Upper Canada Forest Products Ltd. of the United States to establish a
 business at Mississauga, Ont., to import and distribute hardwood products.

Woodinvest AB of Sweden to establish a business at Dartmouth, N.S., to
 manufacture solid wood and particle board knock-down furniture.

Acquisitions:

Aancor Holdings Inc. of Dallas to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by National Gypsum (Canada) Ltd. of Halifax, which is engaged
 in the extraction of gypsum; Newfoundland Minerals Ltd. of Manuela, Nfld.,
 a mining company; and Austin Co. Ltd. of Islington, Ont., which provides
 design, engineering and construction services.

Black Mountain Investment Inc. of Las Vegas to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Western Architectural Metals Ltd. of Edmonton,
 which manufactures entranceways and storefronts; Master Seal Products Ltd.
 of Edmonton, which manufactures sealed window units; Supreme Windows Ltd.
 of Edmonton, which manufactures and installs aluminum windows; Master
 Doors Ltd. of Edmonton, which manufactures overhead doors; and Cheryl
 Developments Ltd. of Edmonton, a land investment company.

BVT Fort St. John Shopping Center Limited Partnership of West Germany
 and Switzerland to acquire control of the business carried on by Jim
 Pattison Industries Ltd., known as Overwaitea Shopping Centre of Fort St.
 John, B.C.

Cargill Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Changabrea Soil Services Ltd. of Roblin, Man., which blends
 and sells fertilizers.

Commercial Shearing Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the business
 carried on by AMF Canada Ltd., consisting of its Cuno division in Guelph,
 Ont., which assembles and sells water filters and other purification
 products.

Cotton Ginny International Inc. of Mount Vernon, N.Y., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Cotton Ginny Marketing Inc. of
 Toronto, which sells men's, women's and children's clothing.

DESA International Inc. of Bowling Green, Ky., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by DESA Industries of Canada Inc., Mississauga,
 Ont., which manufactures and sells chain saws and buys and sells portable
 forced air heaters, electric tillers and powder actuated fastening
 systems.

ESC Systems Inc. of Austin, Tex., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Execucom Systems Canada Inc. of Willowdale, Ont., which
 markets computer software.

Gestinvest Canada Inc. of Switzerland to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Pamaba Saint-Jacques Inc., consisting of its
 shopping centre at rue St-Jacques, St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que.

Harold Haldberg Holding AS of Denmark to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Northfab Systems (Canada) Ltd. of Stratford, Ont.,
 which designs, supplies and services industrial combustion systems and
 industrial filtering systems.

Hurricane International Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by International Polaris Energy Corp. of Toronto,
 which is engaged in international oil and gas exploration.

K-Lee Acquisition Canada Ltd. of Boston to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Koppers Engineered Products Ltd., consisting of its
 Power Transmission division of Toronto, which manufactures and sells
 flexible couplings for drive shafts in industrial applications.

Marshall Earth Resources Ltd. of the United States to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Kirkwood Resort Cottages Ltd., consisting of
 its cottage rental business at Atlin, B.C.

Tilbes Servisport Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by International Servisport Corp. Ltd. of Burnaby,
 B.C., and Tilbes Manufacturing Co. Ltd. of Burnaby and St. Laurent, Que.,
 which manufactures injection molded products.

Toshiba of Canada Ltd., Japan, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Toshiba America Inc. of Scarborough, Ont., which
 distributes, installs and services medical systems, including X- ray,
 ultra-sound, scanners and diagnostic equipment.

USG Interiors Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Donn Canada Ltd. of Oakville, Ont., which manufactures and
 distributes interior building systems.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 20, 1979 Saturday

FIRA urges Government to accept 32 of 33 proposals

BYLINE: SPCL

LENGTH: 1588 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ON


Special to The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA - The Foreign Investment Review Agency has advised the federal
 Government not to allow Dow Jones and Co. of New York to take over
 Irwin-Dorsey Ltd. of Georgetown, a textbook distributor. However, the
 screening agency recommended that 32 of 33 proposals by foreign companies
 to do business in Canada be allowed.

The takeover proposals accepted:
    - By Wyandotte Paint of Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Wyandotte Paint Products of the United States, to acquire
 control of Dumar Paint and Chemicals Ltd. of Toronto, a producer and
 marketer of house paints, fire retardant coatings, finishes and related
 products;
    - By Victor United Inc. of Chicago, controlled by Walter Kidde and Co.
 Inc., also of Chicago, to acquire control of Victor (Canada) Ltd. of
 Cambridge, controlled by Victor Comptometer Corp. of Chicago, and engaged
 in importing sales and service of cash registers and office machines;
    - By James River Graphics Inc. of Richmond, Va., wholly owned by James
 River Corp. of the United States, to acquire control of Scott Graphics
 Ltd. of Thornhill, which is controlled by Scott Graphics Inc. of the
 United States, a seller of specialized coated paper and film for
 industrial applications;
    - By Liquid Carbonic Canada Ltd. of the Town of Mount Royal, Que.,
 controlled by Liquid Carbonic Corp. of the United States, which in turn
 is indirectly controlled by Houston Natural Gas Corp. also of the United
 States, to acquire control of Vulcan Welding Supplies Ltd. of Cambridge,
 a distributor of industrial gases and welding equipment;
    - By M and R Music Corp. of Los Angeles to acquire control of UA
 Records Ltd. of Toronto, ultimately controlled by Transamerica Corp. and
 engaged in the promotion of phonograph records and pre-recorded tapes;
  - By Molson Lake Lodge 1978 Ltd. of West Fargo, N.D., to acquire control
 of Molson Lake Lodge Ltd. of Norway House, Man., engaged in the operation
 of a hunting and fishing lodge;
    - By 87169 Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, controlled by Thermacote-Welco
 of the United States, which in turn is controlled by Foster Wheeler
 Corp., also of the United States, to acquire control of the NWS Welding
 Supply division of Liquid Carbonic Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, controlled
 by Liquid Carbonic Corp. of the United States, which in turn is
 indirectly controlled by Houston Natural Gas Corp. of the United States,
 and is engaged in the sale of specialized welding electrodes, wires and
 rods;
    - By Embassy Cleaners Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Imasco Ltd. of
 Montreal, which in turn is controlled by BAT Industries Ltd. of Britain,
 to acquire control of Quick-Well Enterprises Ltd., Frank Wellman Ltd.,
 Middlesex Cleaners Ltd. and Wharncliffe Road Cleaners Ltd., all of
 London, Ont.;
    - By Bassett Mirror of Canada Ltd. of Montmagny, Que., controlled by
 Bassett Mirror Inc. of the United States and Roland Roy, Guy Roy and Mrs.
 Gilberte Coulombe Roy, all resident Canadian citizens, to acquire control
 of Les Industries Roy Ltee of Montmagny, a manufacturer of metal products
 and metal and glass furniture;
    - By Borden Inc. of New York to acquire control of Creamette Co. of
 Canada Ltd. of Winnipeg, a wholly owned subsidiary of Creamette Co. of
 the United States, and engaged in the manufacture, wholesale and
 distribution of macaroni, noodles, spaghetti and other pasta and related
 products and in the packaging and distribution of textured vegetable
 protein;
    - By Bristol-Myers Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Bristol-Myers Co. of the United States, to acquire control of the
 Vancouver Regional Business Division of Clorox of Canada Ltd. of
 Vancouver, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Clorox of the United
 States. The division manufactures and distributes detergents, fabric
 softeners, household cleaners and industrial bleaches to retail stores;
  - By Newman Industries Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of Avdel Ltd.
 of Mississauga, ultimately controlled by the Stanley Thomas Johnson
 Foundation of Switzerland, which imports and distributes industrial
 fastening devices, adhesives and tools for their installation;
    - By Northwestern Utilities Ltd. of Edmonton, controlled by IU
 International Corp. of the United States, to acquire control of Beaver
 River Utilities Ltd. of Calgary, which is controlled by Norcen Energy
 Resources Ltd., also of Calgary, and which operates a natural gas
 transmission and distribution system;
    - By SCH Inc. of Kenilworth, N.J., controlled by Schering-Plough
 Corp., also of the United States, to acquire control of Scholl (Canada)
 Inc. of Toronto, which is controlled by Scholl Inc. of the United States
 and is engaged in the importation, manufacture and distribution of foot
 and leg care products, footwear and pressure sensitive tape and hospital
 supplies;
    - By Continental Grain Co. (Canada) Ltd. of Vancouver, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Continental Grain Co. of the United States, in turn
 controlled by Swiss interests, to acquire control of that part of the
 business situated at Spirit River, Alta., of Hannas, Hannas, Hannas
 Consultants Ltd. of Lacombe, Alta., and which is engaged in the storage
 and handling of clover and grass seeds.
  The foreign investment proposals approved:
    - By Dominion Electric Protection Co. of Toronto, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of American District Telegraph Co. of the United States and
 the ECE Group of Toronto, which is controlled by G. Granek Ltd., Jack
 Chisvin and Associates Ltd. and K.H. Evans Ltd., all of Toronto, to
 establish a business in the Toronto area under the name ADT Energy
 Systems Ltd. to provide energy consumption management and monitoring
 services;
    - By M.E. Boilers Canada Ltd., owned 51 per cent by MBB Mechanical
 Services Ltd. of Halifax and 49 per cent by M.E. Boilers Ltd. of Britain,
 to establish a business in Halifax to manufacture high pressure steam
 generators such as those used for oil exploration and heavy oil
 recovery;
    - By Thrift Village Inc. of Renton, Wash., to establish a business in
 Vancouver under the name Value Sores Inc. to operate retail discount and
 thrift stores;
    - By Trillion Enterprises Canada Ltd., controlled by three U.S.
 residents, to establish a business in Vancouver to export raw industrial
 chemicals, fertilizer chemicals and mineral concentrates;
    - By Tri-Scan Graphics Ltd., owned 55 per cent by two U.S. resident
 citizens and 45 per cent by a Canadian resident, to establish a business
 in Vancouver to provide services in the field of graphic arts to trade
 shops, printers, publishers and advertising agencies;
    - By Turnbull and Asser (Ontario) Ltd., owned 51 per cent by Turnbull
 and Asser Ltd. of Britain and 49 per cent by DWS Canada Holdings Ltd. of
 Toronto, which in turn is controlled by French interests, to establish a
 business in Toronto to be engaged in the retail sale of men's shirts,
 women's blouses, accessories and other clothing;
    - By Gary Ulrich, a resident Canadian citizen, and Alan Stone and
 Renzo Aranico, both U.S. residents, to establish a business in Montreal
 under the name Mini-Monde Imports (1978) Inc. to import and sell infants'
 and children's clothing and accessories;
  - By David L. Spurgeon, George A. Silva, Christopher A. Greene and
 Robert C. Holcomb, all U.S. residents, to establish a business in Grand
 Forks, B.C., to manufacture insulation;
    - By Sunward Corp. of Denver, Col., to establish a business in Virden,
 Man., to manufacture prefabricated steel buildings;
    - By Iral Barrett and Gwen Barrett, both U.S. residents, to establish
 a business in Ottawa, under the name Supra Key Control Ltd., to be
 engaged in the importation and sale of lock boxes, which are used mainly
 by automobile dealers and real estate salesmen to store car and house
 keys;
    - By Frank L. Cassidy, a U.S. resident, and Richard Griskevich, a
 Canadian resident, to establish a business in Calgary under the name
 Nuggett Pipe and Supply Ltd., to sell plumbing supplies and construction
 materials to building contractors;
  - By Far North Chemicals, controlled by Far North Chemicals Ltd. of
 Darlingford, Man., Tellem Agro Supplies Ltd., also of Darlingford,
 Greenview Spray Service Inc. of the United States and Bonita K. Parr, a
 U.S. resident, to establish a business in Darlingford to import, process,
 warehouse and market insecticides, herbicides and pesticides;
    - By Gerald J.A. Gilbey, a British citizen residing in Sweden, to
 establish a business in Toronto to retail women's wear;
    - By Grant-Dreyco Export Management Ltd., equally owned by two U.S.
 residents and two Canadian residents, to establish a business in Toronto
 to export automotive products;
    - By Grass Growers Inc. of Plainfield, N.J., equally owned by a U.S.
 resident and a Canadian resident, to establish a business in Eel Brook,
 N.S., to blend, package and market Canadian seaweed extract in Canada;
    - By ICS Inc. of Seattle, Wash., equally owned by a U.S. resident and
 a Canadian resident, to establish a business in Vancouver under the name
 ICS International Construction Services (Canada) Ltd., to be engaged in
 the export of building materials and construction services;
    - By IVO Industries Inc. of Neptune, N.J., controlled by Irion and
 Vosseler of West Germany, and N.J. Westaway Co. Ltd. of Hamilton,
 controlled by Sears Holdings Ltd. of Britain, to establish a business in
 Hamilton under the name IVO (Canada) Ltd. to import, sell and maintain
 counting devices and indicators for industrial applications.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                January 27, 2017

                                  KKR & Co. LP

                         Suite 4200, 9 West 57th Street
                                 New York 10019
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2017 - Financing Agreements

   In January, The company invested US$ 60 million in Slayback Pharma, LLC, a
pharmaceutical research and development company.

2016 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In July, KKR acquired Epicor Software Corporation, a global provider of
industry-specific enterprise software.

2016 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired National Vision Inc., from Berkshire Partners LLC.

2016 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company announced the acquisition of Calvin Capital from Infracapital
Partners.

2016 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans acquire 10.44% interest in PT Japfa Comfeed Indonesia
Tbk.

2016 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company signed an agreement to acquire stake in Hilding Anders from Arle
Capital Partners.

2016 - Asset Purchase

   The company along with Macquarie Capital, First State Superannuation and
Morgan Stanley has acquired 100% stake in Tatts Group for USD5,470 Million.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In August, Fosun Group plans to acquire a majority stake of 86% in Gland
Pharma for approximately US$1.26 billion.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In December, KKR and an affiliate of KSL Capital Partners signed a definitive
agreement to acquire Apple Leisure Group from Bain Capital Private Equity.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In February, KKR and Mitsubishi signed an agreement to acquire 25% stake in
South Staffordshire Plc.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In February, KKR signed three agreements to acquire a combined 50% stake in
Valinge Innovation.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In January, China Orient Asset Management (International) Holding Limited,
China Orient Summit Capital and KKR entered into strategic partnership to
co-invest in credit and distressed opportunities in the Chinese market and
explore strategic initiatives for broader collaboration.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In June, First State Investments signed an agreement with KKR to acquire
Coriance.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In June, KKR & Co LP entered into a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to
acquire Kim's Club Mart. Co. from The E-Land Group.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into an agreement to acquire Mills e-Commerce
Enterprises, Inc.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company enters into an agreement with Monterra Energy to offer equity.

2016 - Plans/Strategy

   In June, KKR & Co. to acquire certain oil and gas infrastructure assets from
Pemex for US$1,200 million.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In April, KKR & Co. LP with Fleur de Lis Energy, L.L.C. acquired CO2 enhanced
oil recovery properties in the Green river and Powder river basins of Wyoming,
the U.S. from Anadarko Petroleum Corporation.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In September, the company secured a 10 percent stake in OZ Minerals.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired majority stake in Deutsche Glasfaser, a fiber-optic
network operator, from Reggeborgh, a private investment firm.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired URSA, European insulation provider, to increase its
market share in the UK.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company announced the acquisition of majority stake in Indian financial
services firm, Avendus Capital.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company announced the acquisition of Pets at Home.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company entered into an agreement to acquire Radisson Blu Hotel and The
Park Inn Hotel, from Elbit Imaging Ltd.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans to acquire Thetrainline.com., a online U.K. rail
ticket retailer.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company signed a definitive agreement to acquire Air Medical Group
Holdings, a provider of air ambulance services.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company together with Anchor Equity Partners signed a definitive
agreement to acquire a controlling stake in Ticket Monster Inc., a leading South
Korean mobile commerce company, from Groupon, Inc.

2015 - Commercial Operation

   In November, Signostics announced investment and capital partnership with the
company.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In December, the company agreed to acquire LGC Limited, a life sciences
measurement and testing company, from Bridge point Limited, a private equity
firm.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In December, Two consortium groups; first includes; Canon Inc.; Konica
Minolta, Inc.; and Permira Advisers LLP, and the second; Fujifilm Corporation;
Mitsui & Co., Ltd; and KKR & Co.; agreed to acquire Toshiba Medical Systems,
from Toshiba Corporation for US$4.27 billion.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In July, KKR & Co. L.P. entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 80%
stake in Gestamp Asetym Solar(Gestamp Solar) from Gestamp Renewables.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In November, Webhelp entered into an agreement with KKR, as new investor and
financial partner.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In October, KKR & Co. L.P. signed a definitive agreement to acquire majority
stake in Selecta Group from Allianz Capital Partners.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into a definitive agreement with JBF Industries Ltd to
invest US$150 million for improvement of global manufacturing capabilities.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company joined forces with SoftwareONE to acquire its 25% stake.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company, along with Varde Partners Inc, and Deutsche Bank AG entered into
an agreement to acquire GE Capital's Consumer Finance Business in Australia and
New Zealand for US$6.3 billion.

2015 - Divestiture

   The company along with Bessemer Venture Partners and Index Ventures invested
US$45 million in DoubleDutch, a mobile technology and event performance company.


2015 - Divestiture

   The company along with Google Capital and Time Warner Investments invested
US$275 million in FanDuel Inc.

2015 - Divestiture

   The company along with RRE Ventures, Peter Thiel, Nyca Partners, Anthemis
Group and FinTech Collective invested US$15 million in Artivest.

2015 - Financing Agreements

   The company invested In Mandala Energy, an oil and gas exploration and
production company from Southeast Asia.

2015 - Others

   In December, KKR closed financing transactions with Casual Dining Group and
Sarquavitae.

2015 - Others

   In December, KKR's Green Portfolio Program (GPP), expanded to an initiative
called the Green Solutions Platform (GSP).

2015 - Others

   In December, SARE Homes raised an INR200 crore from KKR & Co. L.P for the
development of its township in Gurgaon.

2015 - Others

   In November, the company issued US$35 million in Signostics Inc., a medical
device company.

2015 - Others

   In September, KKR & Co. L.P. announced to support Star Energy, to launch
Trans European Oil & Gas Limited.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired 24.9% interest in BlackGold Capital Management.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired a minority stake in Lemonade Restaurant Group, a
US-based cafeteria-style chain.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired a minority stake in Telepizza, a Permira-owned company.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired a one third stake in ACCIONA EnergÃ­a Internacional, the
international renewable energy division of Spain-based ACCIONA, for EUR397
million.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Internet Brands from Hellman & Friedman and JMI Equity.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired OEG Offshore Group, a provider of specialist equipment
to the offshore oil and gas industry.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Singapore's Goodpack Ltd. for US$1.1 billion.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired United Group, the leading cable and pay TV operator in
South Eastern Europe.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company along with Beecken Petty O'Keefe & Company, and Coastwood Senior
Housing Partners LLC acquired 80% stake in Sunrise Senior Living's management
business.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company and KKR & Co. L.P., acquired majority stake in Home Partners of
America Inc., a single-family rental company.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company entered into an agreement with Cubera to acquire a minority stake
in RigNet, Inc., a provider of managed remote communications solutions, systems
integration and collaborative applications to the global upstream energy sector.


2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans to acquire 33.33% interest in Acciona Energia
International from Acciona Energia for US$567 million.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans to acquire 35% stake In Gland Pharma for US$200
million.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans to acquire a minority stake in the German-based
high-tech company arago AG.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans to acquire minority stake in Arbor Pharmaceuticals
LLC.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company's affiliate IBC Capital Limited acquired Goodpack Limited, which
owns and operates the world's largest fleet of steel Intermediate Bulk
Containers.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In December, United Water Inc., together with KKR & Co. L.P., has entered
into an agreement to form joint venture with Borough Authority of Middletown,
PA, for the management of water and wastewater services in Middletown,
Pennsylvania.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In October, KKR partnered with Anadarko Petroleum Corporation for the
development of Anadarko's acreage in the Eaglebine play located primarily in
Brazos, Burleson, and Robertson Counties, Texas.

2014 - Financing Agreements

   The company agreed to invest a CAD250 million to fund Torq Energy Logistics'
capital program and acquisition strategy.

2014 - Plans/Strategy

   The company announced a plan to acquire a 10% stake in Indonesia-based PT
Tiga Pilar Sejahtera Food.

2014 - Plans/Strategy

   The company announced a plan to invest US$680 million in Preferred Sands, a
provider of resin-coated sand products.

2013 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired 63% interest in GenesisCare, which provides services to
patients with cancer and cardiovascular disease.

2013 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired minority stake in Weststar Aviation Services, for US$200
million.

2013 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Panasonic Healthcare Co., Ltd., for US$1.67 Billion.

2013 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company completed the acquisition of ReSearch Pharmaceutical Services,
Inc., a contract research organization, from Warburg Pincus LLC, a private
equity firm.

2013 - Divestiture

   The company sold 12% of its stake in Seven West Media.

2013 - Financing Agreements

   In October, FlowStream Commodities Ltd raised its first private placement,
backed by funds from leading global investment firm KKR, the Middle East backed
investment firm Global Gate Capital.

2012 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired 50% stake in producing and undeveloped Oil and Gas
properties in Eagle Ford Shale, Texas From Exco Resources for US$131 million.

2012 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company entered into an agreement to acquire 33.33% working interest in
28,000 EagleFord Shale acreage in Atascosa, Frio, Karnes, LaSalle, McMullen and
Wilson Counties in South Texas, the US, from Comstock Resources, Inc.

2012 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans to acquire majority stake in Acteon Group Ltd., a oil
and natural gas services company.

2012 - Contracts/Agreements

   In March, KKR partnered with Chesapeake Energy Corporation, an oil and gas
company, to invest in mineral interests and to override royalty interests in key
oil and gas basins in the United States.

2012 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company, along with United Water, entered into a partnership with the
City of Bayonne, New Jersey for water and wastewater system operations.

2011 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Capital Safety Inc., from Arle Capital Partners LLP and
Electra Private Equity Plc for US$1.12 billion.

2011 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company together with Crestview Partners, L.P., Itochu Corporation and
NGP Energy Capital Management completed the acquisition of Samson Investment
Company, an oil and gas company.

2011 - Contracts/Agreements

   In December, Quicksilver Resources Inc. partnered with Kohlberg Kravis
Roberts & Co, to construct and operate natural gas midstream services in Canada.


2010 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired minority stake in Ambea., a European healthcare service
provider.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company and Centerboard Group established a joint venture Accelerated Oil
Technologies, for enhanced oil recovery investments in mature long lived oil
producing properties in North America.

2006 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company along with Bain Capital LLC and Merrill Lynch & Co. acquired HCA
Inc., a hospital chain based in the US.

2006 - Divestiture

   In December, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) sold 5.5% stake in Zumtobel.

2002 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In February, DTE Energy, sold its transmission business subsidiary,
ITCTransmission, to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Trimaran Capital Partners
for approximately US$610.

1976 - Incorporation/Establishment

   The company was established.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                              145 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     June 21, 2000 Wednesday Final Edition

From distiller to global titan

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D08

LENGTH: 596 words


Milestones in the history of Seagram Co.:

1924: Samuel Bronfman, son of a Russian immigrant tobacco farmer, forms
Distillers Corp. in Montreal.

1928: Acquires Joseph E. Seagram & Sons Ltd., founded in 1857, and forms
Distillers Corp.-Seagrams Ltd.

1934: Launches Seagram's V.O. Canadian Whisky and Seagram's 7 Crown American
Whisky as Prohibition ends in the U.S.

1949: Acquires Chivas Brothers Ltd., maker of Scotch whisky.

1952: Acquires G.H. Mumm & Cie and Perrier-Jouet S.A. (champagne).

1954: Acquires Barton & Guestier S.A. (wine)

1955: Commissions Ludwig Mies van der Rohe to build landmark Seagram Building to
house New York headquarters

1958: Opens Glen Keith Distillery -- the first malt whisky distillery opened in
Scotland since the 19th century.

1963: Acquires oil & gas properties from Texas Pacific Coal and Oil Co.

1971: Founder Sam Bronfman dies at 80. Sons Charles and Edgar Sr. in charge.

1975: Company changes name from Distillers Corp.-Seagrams Ltd. to The Seagram
Co. Ltd.

1978: Acquires The Glenlivet Distillers (single malt Scotch whisky).

1980: Acquires Geo. G. Sandeman Sons & Co., (ports, sherries, brandy). Sells
Texas Pacific's U.S. oil and gas properties for $2.3 billion.

1981: Acquires major stake in Conoco Inc. for $2.6 billion and tenders shares to
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. for a 20.2 per cent interest in DuPont.

1985: Launches Seagram's Coolers in U.S.

1987: Buys French cognac maker Martell & Cie. for $1.2 billion.

1988: Acquires Tropicana Products Inc., juice maker.

1993: Announces plans to acquire up to 15 per cent of Time Warner Inc. Launches
Glenlivet 18-year-old single-malt scotch whisky.

1994: Edgar Bronfman Jr., becomes chief executive, succeeding his father. Edgar
Sr. remains as co-chairman along with brother Charles. Seagram acquires
distribution rights to Absolut vodka in U.S. and major international markets.

1995: Sells 24 per cent stake in DuPont, netting $7.7 billion US.

Acquires 80 per cent of Universal Studios Inc. (formerly MCA Inc.) for $5.7
billion US from Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.

1996: Seagram Americas launches TV and radio advertisements for spirits brands,
ending voluntary ban. MCA Inc. is renamed Universal Studios Inc.

1997: Sells half of Time Warner stake for $1.4 billion. Universal Studios
Hollywood and Universal Studios Florida post record attendance with the opening
of Jurassic Park -- The Ride, in Hollywood and T2: 3-D in Florida.

Buys Viacom's 50 per cent interest in USA Networks for $1.7 billion US.
Universal Pictures releases Steven Spielberg's The Lost World: Jurassic Park,
the sequel to Jurassic Park.

1998: Seagram combines Universal's domestic TV production business and its USA
Networks with HSNi. The result is USA networks, Inc., a new company in which
Seagram has a 45 per cent equity interest. Establishes Universal Television &
Networks Group.

Sells Tropicana to PepsiCo for $3.3 billion US in cash.

Acquires PolyGram N.V. for $10.4 billion US from Royal Phillips Electronics N.V.
Universal Music Group and PolyGram merge to create the world's largest music
company.

1999: Sells nearly all of film library to MGM and Carlton Communications for
about $400 million US. Sells champagne makers Mumm and Perrier-Jouet for $310
million US.

2000: Agrees to $34-billion US merger with Vivendi and Canal Plus of France.
Liquor division to be sold, Edgar Bronfman Jr. named vice-chairman, responsible
for music and Internet activities.

Sources: Seagram Web site, Maclean's magazine.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              146 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 5, 1985 Tuesday

21 foreign proposals   approved by Cabinet

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 646 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - The federal Cabinet has approved 21 foreign investment
 proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

They proposals were by:
    L'Air Liquide and Atochem SA of France to establish a business at
 Becancour, Que., to manufacture hydrogen peroxide.

Delores Glassford and Lillian Lindahl of Grove, Ill., to establish a
 business at Sarnia, Ont., to provide an artificial suntanning service.

ITS Equipment and Leasing Corp. of Bohemia, N.Y., which is a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Societe Internationale de Telecommunications
 Aeronautiques of Belgium, to establish a business at Toronto to market
 communications equipment to the Canadian airline industry and provide
 maintenance and technical support for such equipment.

LUXTEC Corp. of Sturbridge, Mass., to establish a business at Toronto
 to design, manufacture and sell medical instruments using fibre optics
 technology.

Macintyre Electronic Design Associates Inc. of Virginia and Steven A.
 Macintyre of Kingston, Ont., to establish a business at Kingston to design
 and develop electronic and electromechanical circuits and systems.

Manetti-Farrow Inc. of Oakland, Calif., to establish a business at
 Vancouver to import and sell handbags and men's and women's accessories
 under the name of Gucci.

Vermont American Corp. of Louisville, Ky., to establish a business in
 Ontario to manufacture and assemble, import and package a variety of hand
 tools, power tool accessories and lawn and garden equipment accessories.

Walker Interactive Products of San Francisco to establish a business at
 Toronto to import and distribute financial application software.

ADP Dealer Services Ltd. of Scarborough, Ont., which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Automatic Data Processing Inc. of Roseland, N.J., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Commodity Communication Corp.
 (Canada) Ltd. of London, Ont.

Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated of Charlotte, N.C., to acquire
 control of the businesses carried on by Wometco Newfoundland Ltd. of St.
 John's and Wometco (B.C.) Ltd. of Richmond, B.C.

Genetic Dynamics Corp. of Salt Lake City, Utah, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by 12500 Holdings Ltd., known as Universal Semen
 Service of Cardston, Alta.

Ralph Lovely of Houlton, Me., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Uniwall Cedar Homes and Cottages Ltd. of Hartland, N.B.

New SFN Corp. and SFN Cos. Inc. of Glenview, Ill., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by GLC Publishers Ltd. of Scarborough.

Northwest Industries Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of Harvey Woods
 Ltd. of Woodstock, Ont.

Pepsi-Cola Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which is ultimately wholly owned by
 Pepsico Inc. of Purchase, N.Y., to acquire control of the bottling
 division at Montreal of Seven-Up Canada Inc.

Seven-Up Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is wholly owned by Seven-Up Co.
 of St. Louis, Mo., which is, in turn, wholly owned by Philip Morris Inc.
 of New York, to acquire control of the bottling divisions at Toronto and
 Ottawa of Pepsi-Cola Canada Ltd.

Spar Associates Inc. of Annapolis, Md., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Les Systemes Integres Omnipac Inc. of Boucherville,
 Que.

Tenneco Inc. of Houston to acquire control of the business carried on
 by International Harvester Canada Ltd., consisting of its agricultural
 equipment division at Hamilton, which manufactures agricultural equipment.

Thyssen-Bornemisza Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Olman Instruments Ltd. of Scarborough.

Vickers International Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Bausch and Lomb Canada Inc., consisting of its
 Semco division at Nepean, Ont.

William E. Coutts Co. Ltd. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Hallmark Cards Inc. of Kansas City, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Hillside Card Shops Ltd. of Vancouver.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                Ontario Edition

2015 CANADIAN DEALMAKERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 205 words


Deal Team of the Year Winner: Magna International Inc.

Deal: Multiple acquisitions

Value Creation Winner: Gildan Activewear Inc.

Deal: Multiple acquisitions.

IPO of the Year Winner: Shopify Inc.

Consumer Business Industry Winner: Hudson's Bay Co.

Deal: Hudson's Bay Co. acquires Kaufhof

Financial Industry Winner: Element Financial Corp.

Deal: Element Financial Corp. acquires GE Capital's Fleet Management Business

Information Technology Industry Winner: DH Corp.

Deal: DH Corp. acquires Fundtech

Foreign Outbound (Global) Winner: Linamar Corp.

Deal: Linamar Corp. acquires Montupet

Foreign Outbound (U.S.)

Winner: SunOpta Inc.

Deal: SunOpta Inc. acquires Sunrise Growers

Media & Telecommunication Industry Winner: Rogers Communications Inc.

Deal: Rogers Communications Inc. acquires Mobilicity

Foreign Inbound (U.S.)

Winner: Zayo Group LLC Deal: Zayo Group acquires Allstream

Manufacturing Industry Winner: New Flyer Industries Inc.

Deal: New Flyer Industries Inc. acquires Motor Coach Industries International

Mid-Market Deal of the Year Winner: Clearwater Seafoods Inc.

Deal: Clearwater Seafoods Inc. acquires Macduff Shellfish

Canadian Bank of the Year (Volume) Winner: RBC Dominion Securities

Canadian Bank of the Year (Value) Winner: BMO Nesbitt Burns

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                                  May 9, 2011

Deal Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 24 No. 19

LENGTH: 3271  words


Target | Acquiror Name

Transaction Synopsis

Aspen Marketing Services | Epsilon Data Management LLC

Epsilon Data Management LLC , a unit of Alliance Data Systems Corp, agreed to
acquire Aspen Marketing Services, a Dallas-based provider of marketing services,
for $345 million.

BARBRI | Leeds Equity Partners LLC

Leeds Equity Partners LLC definitively agreed to acquire BARBRI, a Seattle-
based provider of educational services, from Thomson Reuters Corp, in a
leveraged buyout transaction Terms were not disclosed.

Boston Properties-Carnegie Ctr | Investor Group

An investor group, comprised of joint venture between Normandy Real Estate
Partners and The Landis Group, agreed to acquire the Carnegie center of Boston
Properties Inc, a Boston- based a real estate investment trust, for an estimated
$468 million.

Brothers Air & Heat Inc | American Residential Services

American Residential Services LLC(ARS) acquired Brothers Air & Heat, a Rock
Hill-based provider of plumbing and conditioning services. Concurrently ARS
acquired Columbus Worthington Air.

Columbus Worthington Air | American Residential Services

American Residential Services LLC(ARS) acquired Columbus Worthington Air, a
Columbus-based provider of plumbing and conditioning services. Concurrently ARS
acquired Brothers Air & Heat Inc.

E Stiewing Inc | William B Meyer Inc

William B Meyer Inc acquired E Stiewing Inc, a Milford-based provider of
trucking services.

EuroBank | Banco do Brasil SA

Brazil state-owned Banco do Brasil SA agreed to acquire the entire share capital
of Boca Raton-based EuroBank, for $6 million.

Explore Information Services | Claims Services Group Inc

Claims Services Group Inc, a wholly owned unit of Solera Holdings Inc
definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Explore Information
Services LLC, an Eagan-based provider of database insurance applications, from
Providence Equity Partners LLC's Altegrity Inc unit, for an estimated $520
million in cash.

Firebirds Wood Fired Grill | Angelo Gordon & Co

Angelo Gordon & Co acquired Firebirds Wood Fired Grill, a Charlotte- based owner
and operator of restaurants. Terms were not disclosed.

Greystripe Inc | ValueClick Inc

ValueClick Inc acquired Greystripe Inc, a San Francisco-based provider of mobile
advertising services, for $70 million in cash.

IntoNow | Yahoo! Inc

Yahoo! Inc acquired IntoNow, a Palo Alto-based provider of online networking
services. Terms were not disclosed but according to sources, transaction was
valued at an estimated $30 million.

Impressions LLC-Carwrap.com | Build A Sign LLC

Build A Sign LLC acquired Carwrap.com, unit of Impressions On The Go LLC, an
Austin-based provider of franchising services.

Infinity Box Inc | SurveyMonkey.com LLC

SurveyMonkey.com LLC acquired Infinity Box Inc, a Tampa-based developer of
internet software. Terms were not disclosed but, according to sources close to
the situation, the deal was valued at an estimated $35 million in cash.

Mondrian Los Angeles, CA | Pebblebrook Hotel Trust

Pebblebrook Hotel Trust agreed to acquire Mondrian Los Angeles, a unit of
Mondrian Holdings LLC, a West Hollywood-based investment holding company, for
$137 million.

More Core Commercial Roofing | Solar Rainbow Services LLC

Solar Rainbow Services LLC acquired an undisclosed minority stake in More Core
Commercial Roofing LLC, a Monmouth County-based provider of engineering
services.

Network Design & Integration | Novacoast Inc

Novacoast Inc acquired Network Design & Integration, a Houston-based provider of
security software services.

Progressive Technologies Inc | Universal Power Group Inc

Universal Power Group Inc acquired Progressive Technologies Inc, a Pilot
Mountain-based manufacturer of rechargeable battery packs, for $3.3 million.

Quture Inc | Techs Loanstar Inc

Techs Loanstar Inc plan to acquire Q'uture Inc, a Florida-based provider of
medical and health services.

Rochester Power Saver Inc | Xzeres Wind Corp

XZERES Wind Corp (XZERES) acquired Rochester Power Saver Inc, a Rochester-based
manufacturer of power efficiency devices, in a stock swap transaction, for
$0.279 million. The consideration consisted of $0.05 million cash and the
issuance of 0.305 million XZERES common shares valued at $0.229 million. The
shares were valued based on XZERES' closing stock price of $0.75 million on 21
April 2011, the last full trading day prior day prior to the announcement.

Car Restoration Facility, FL | Max Media Inc

Max Media Group Inc acquired an undisclosed car restoration facility, a Tarpon
Springs-based provider of car restoration services.

Alpro Inc | Michelex Corp

Michelex Corp (Michelex) signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Alpro Inc, a
South Hackensack-based provider of medical coating services. Concurrently,
Michelex signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Vitacoat Corp and G&P
International LLC and acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Medscan
National Corp. The transactions were to have a combined value of $5.8 million.

Avetel Computer & Answering | 1-800 We Answer Inc

1-800 We Answer Inc acquired Avetel Computer and Answering Service, a Plymouth-
based provider of telephone answering services.

Bison Pipeline LLC | TC Pipelines LP

TC Pipelines LP (TC) agreed to acquire a 25% stake in Bison Pipeline LLC, a
Houston-based provider of natural gas transmission and distribution services,
from TransCanada Corp, in a privately negotiated transaction. Concurrently, TC
agreed to acquire a 25% stake in Gas Transmission Northwest LLC. The two
transactions were to have a combined value of $605 million.

Comet Technology Corp-Assets | ESI Group SA

ESI Group SA of France acquired the assets of Comet Technology Corp, an Ann
Arbor-based provider of software development services. These assets include the
IP of the Comet Technology and "COMET Acoustics" software for low frequency
noise and vibration modeling.

Delicious.com | AVOS Systems Inc

AVOS Systems Inc acquired Delicious.com, a Warren-based provider of social
bookmarking services, from Yahoo! Inc. Terms were not disclosed.

G&P International LLC | Michelex Corp

Michelex Corp (Michelex) signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire G&P
International LLC, a Union- based owner and operator of office building.
Concurrently, Michelex signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Vitacoat Corp
and Alpro Inc and acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Medscan National
Corp. The transactions were to have a combined value of $5.8 million.

Gas Transmission Northwest LLC | TC Pipelines LP

TC Pipelines LP (TC) agreed to acquire a 25% stake in Gas Transmission Northwest
LLC, a Houston-based provider of natural gas transmission services, from
TransCanada Corp, in a privately negotiated transaction. Concurrently, TC agreed
to acquire a 25% stake in Bison Pipeline LLC. The two transactions were to have
a combined value of $605 million. The consideration was to consist of $524
million and the assumption of $81 million in liabilities.

Office of Group Benefits | Undisclosed Acquiror

In April 2011, the Louisiana government planned to divest its Office of Group
Benefits unit, a Baton Rouge- based owner and operator of Health Medical
Organization to an undisclosed acquiror.

Medscan National Corp | Michelex Corp

Michelex Corp (Michelex) acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Medscan
National Corp, a West New York-based provider of management services.
Concurrently, Michelex signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Vitacoat Corp,
Alpro Inc and G&P International LLC.

NY-Presbyterian Health System | VNS Choice

VNS Choice planned to acquire New York-Presbyterian Health System Select LLC, a
provider of managed care services.

Permian Basin Oil Properties | W&T Offshore Inc

W&T Offshore Inc agreed to acquire Permian Basin oil properties, for $366
million.

Plateau Sys Ltd | SuccessFactors Inc

SuccessFactors Inc definitively agreed to acquire Plateau Systems Ltd, an
Arlington-based developer of web-based software, for $290 million. The
consideration was to consist of $145 million in cash and $145 million in
SuccessFactors common shares.

Print3D Corp | 3D Systems Corp

3D Systems Corp acquired Print3D Corp, a developer of computer-aided design
(CAD) software.

SPR Therapeutics LLC | JumpStart Inc

JumpStart Inc acquired an undisclosed minority stake in SPR Therapeutics LLC, a
Cleveland-based manufacturer of pain treatment products, for $0.25 million.

Spence & Co Ltd ASFI | Choice Foods Inc

ASFI Choice Foods Inc, a unit of Alliance Select Foods International Inc, agreed
to acquire the entire share capital of Spence & Co Ltd, a Brockton-based
producer and wholesaler of smoked fish products, for $8.5 million.

SchoolNet INc | Pearson PLC

Pearson PLC of UK, acquired SchoolNet Inc, a New York-based developer of
internet software, from Carlyle Group LLC, Ascend Venture Group LLC, Hamilton
Lane Advisors LLC, Velocity Financial Services, TriplePoint Capital LLC, New
York Community Investment Co, New York City Investment Fund and New York State
Common Retirement Fund, for $230 million.

Stadion Money Management | TA Associates Inc

TA Associates Inc definitively agreed to acquire a 54.4% interest in Stadion
Money Management, a Watkinsville-based provider of money and wealth management
services, in a leveraged buyout transaction. Terms were not disclosed.

Trycera Financial Inc | Legacy Resources Dvlp LLC

Legacy Resources Development LLC agreed to acquire a 10.954% stake, or 50
million common shares, in Trycera Financial Inc, an Irvine-based provider of
financial services, for $0.05 per share, or a total value of $2.5 million, in a
privately negotiated transaction.

Transamerica Reinsurance | SCOR

Societe Commerciale de Reassurance {SCOR} agreed to acquire Transamerica
Reinsurance (Transamerica), a Charlotte-based reinsurance company, from
Transamerica Life Insurance Co (Transamerica Life), a wholly- owned unit of
Aegon NV, for $1.4 billion. Originally, In June 2010, Transamerica Life
announced that it was seeking a buyer for Transamerica.

Vitacoat Corp | Michelex Corp

Michelex Corp (Michelex) signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Vitacoat
Corp, a South Hackensack- based provider of medical coating services.
Concurrently, Michelex signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Alpro Inc and
G&P International LLC and acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Medscan
National Corp. The transactions were to have a combined value of $5.8 million.

Washburn Industries Inc | Heartland Automotive Services

Heartland Automotive Services Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Quad-C
Management Inc, acquired Washburn Industries Inc, a San Diego-based provider of
automobile maintenance services.

Yahoo!-Hadoop Engineering Unit | Shareholders

Yahoo! Inc, a Sunnyvale- based provider of Internet search engine services was
rumored to be planning to spin off its Hadoop engineering unit to its
shareholders.

Smart Modular Technologies Inc | Saleen Acquisition Inc SPV

Saleen Acquisition Inc SPV of Cayman Islands, a special purpose vehicle formed
by Silver Lake Partners and Silver Lake Sumeru and a wholly owned unit of Saleen
Holdings Inc, definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of SMART
Modular Technologies (WWH) Inc, a Newark-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
memory modules, for $9.25 cash per share or a total value of $587.207 million,
in a leveraged buyout transaction.

Bank of Granite Corp, NC | FNB United Corp

FNB United Corp (FNB) agreed to merge with Bank of Granite Corp (Granite), a
Granite Falls-based bank holding company, in a stock swap transaction valued at
$13.04 million. FNB offered 3. 375 common shares for every Granite common share.
Based on FNB's closing stock price of $0.25 on 26 April 2011, the last full
trading day prior to the announcement, each Granite share was valued at $0.844.
Concurrently, an investment group, comprised of Carlyle Group LLC and Oak Hill
Capital Partners LP definitively agreed to acquire a 46.04% stake in FNB.

BNY Mellon-Shareowner Svcs Bus | Computershare Ltd

Computershare Ltd of Australia agreed to acquire the Shareowner Services
Business of Bank of New York Mellon Corp, a New York-based provider of banking
and financial services, for $550 million in cash.

BLD Products-Engine Control Bus. | Standard Motor Products Inc

Standard Motor Products Inc acquired the Engine Control Business of BLD Products
Ltd, a Holland-based manufacturer and wholesaler of motor vehicle parts and a
unit of Thayer Capital Partners' Qualitor Inc subsidiary, for $27 million.

Bloodhound Inc | Verisk Analytics Inc

Verisk Analytics Inc acquired Bloodhound Inc a Research Triangle Park-based
provider of application services, for $82 million in cash.

Carrizo Oil-Barnett Shale Ppty | KKR Natural Resources

KKR Natural Resources, a unit of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co LP, definitively
agreed to acquire the Barnett Shale properties of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc, a
Houston- based oil and gas exploration and production company, for $104 million.

FNB United Corp | Investor Group

An investor group, comprised of Carlyle Group LLC and Oak Hill Capital Partners
LP, definitively agreed to acquire a 46.04% stake, or 968.75 million common
shares, in FNB United Corp (FNB), an Asheboro-based commercial bank holding
company, for $0.16 per share, or a total value of $155 million, in a privately
negotiated transaction. Concurrently, FNB agreed to acquire Bank of Granite
Corp.

FitzGibbons Agency LLC | Pathfinder Risk Management Co

Pathfinder Risk Management Co Inc (Pathfinder Risk), a wholly owned unit of
Pathfinder Bancorp Inc's Pathfinder Bank agreed to acquire a 51% interest in
FitzGibbons Agency LLC (FitzGibbons), an Oswego- based insurance agency, for
$0.369 million. Concurrently, Pathfinder Risk planned to acquire the remaining
49% stake in FitzGibbons.

IdentTrusi Inc | Polaris Software Lab Ltd

Polaris Software Lab Ltd of India definitively agreed to acquire an 85.3%
interest in IdentTrusi Inc, a developer of software.

Julie Blackman & Associates | DOAR Litigation Consulting LLC

DOAR Litigation Consulting LLC merged with Julie Blackman & Associates LLC, a
Montclair-based provider of jury and litigation consulting services. Terms were
not disclosed.

Lexi-Comp Inc | Wolters Kluwer Health LLC

Wolters Kluwer Health LLC, a wholly owned unit of Wolters Kluwer NV agreed to
acquire Lexi-Comp Inc, a Hudson-based provider of medical content software.
Terms were not disclosed.

LoopNet Inc | Lonestar Acquisition Sub Inc

Lonestar Acquisition Sub Inc, a special purpose acquisition vehicle formed by
CoStar Group Inc (CoStar), definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of LoopNet Inc, a San Francisco-based provider of online commercial real
estate information services, for $16.5 in cash and 0.03702 CoStar common shares
per share, or a total value of $827.612 million. Based on CoStar's closing stock
price of $60.25 on 26 April 2011, the last full trading day prior to the
announcement, each LoopNet share was valued at $18.730.

Rules-Based Medicine Inc | Myriad Genetics Inc

Myriad Genetics Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Rules-Based Medicine Inc, an Austin-based provider of biomarker testing
services, for $80 million in cash.

SAVVIS Inc | CenturyLink Inc

CenturyLink Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
SAVVIS Inc, a Town & Country-based provider of information technology services,
from Welsh Carson Anderson & Stowe Co (23%) and other shareholders, for $3. 065
billion. The consideration was to consist of $30 in cash and $10 in CenturyLink
common shares per share, and the assumption of $700 million in liabilities,
subject to a collar agreement.

Smithfield-Hog Production | Cargill Inc

Cargill Inc acquired the hog production operations of Smithfield Foods Inc, a
Dalhart-based owner and operator of hog and pig farming, for an estimate of $33
million.

Sologear LLC | BIC Corp

BIC Corp, a majority owned unit of BIC SA acquired Sologear LLC, a Middleton-
based manufacturer and wholesaler of grills. Terms were not disclosed.

Sugarmade Inc | Diversified Opportunities Inc

Diversified Opportunities Inc (DVOP), a majority-owned subsidiary of CT Partners
LLC, agreed to acquire a 90% interest in Sugarmade Inc, a San Francisco-based
manufacturer, wholesaler, and retailer of paper products, in exchange for 9.263
million new DVOP common shares valued at $60.675 million. The shares were valued
based on DVOP's closing stock price of $6.55 on 26 April 2011, the last full
trading day prior to the announcement.

TransBioTec Corp | Imagine Media Ltd

Imagine Media Ltd, a unit of DNA Beverage Corp, signed Letter of Intent {LoI} to
acquire TransBioTec Corp, a Seal Beach-based manufacturer and a wholesaler of
transdermal sensor.

Vital Images Inc | Toshiba Medical Systems Corp

Toshiba Medical Systems Corp of Japan, a unit of Toshiba Corp, definitively
agreed to acquire all the outstanding common stock of Vital Images Inc (Vital),
Minnetonka-based developer of visualization and analysis software, via a tender
offer for $18.75 in cash per share, or a total value of $262.917 million.

Wilson Farms Neighborhood Food | 7-Eleven Inc

7-Eleven Inc, a wholly- owned unit of the IYG Holding Co subsidiary of Seven & i
Holdings Co Ltd's majority- owned Seven-Eleven Japan Co Ltd unit, agreed to
acquire Wilson Farms Neighborhood Food Store, a Williamsville- based owner and
operator of grocery and convenience stores. Terms were not disclosed.

Applied Precision Inc | GE Healthcare

GE Healthcare, a unit of General Electric Co {GE}, agreed to acquire Applied
Precision Inc, an Issaquah- based manufacturer of wafer probe card metrology
systems. Terms were not disclosed.

Constellation Energy Group Inc | Exelon Corp

Exelon Corp (Exelon) definitively agreed to merge with Constellation Energy
Group Inc (Constellation), a Baltimore-based electric and gas utility company,
in a stock swap transaction valued at $7.84 billion. Exelon offered 0.93 common
shares per Constellation share. Based on Exelon's closing stock price of $41.49
on April 27, the last full trading day prior to the announcement, each
Constellation share was valued at $38.586. Upon completion Exelon and
Constellation were to own 78% and 22% in the merged entity, respectively.
Originally, in October 2010, Constellation was rumored to be seeking a buyer for
the company. MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co and EDF were named potential
bidders.

Coradiant Inc | BMC Software Inc

BMC Software Inc acquired Coradiant Inc, a San Diego-based provider of
information technology services specially in web application performance
management solutions.

Prodigy Health Group | Aetna Inc

Aetna Inc agreed to acquire Prodigy Health Group, a New York-based provider of
benefits management services, from Prodigy Health Holdings LLC and a majority
owned unit of JPMorgan Chase & Co's One Equity Partners LLC unit, for an
estimated $600 million.

State Bancorp Inc, NY | Valley National Bancorp,NJ

Valley National Bancorp (Valley) agreed to merge with New Hyde Park-based State
Bancorp Inc (State), in a stock swap transaction valued at $236.452 million.
Valley offered 1 common shares per State share. Based on Valley's closing stock
price of $14.19 on 27 April 2011, the last full trading day prior to the
announcement, each State share was valued at $14.19.

SunPower Corp | Total Gas & Power USA (SAS)

Total Gas & Power USA (SAS), a unit of Total SA, agreed to acquire a 60%
interest, or 33.518 million class A common shares and 25.22 million class B
common shares, in SunPower Corp, a San Jose- based manufacturer of solar cells,
for $23.25 in cash per share, or a total value of $1.366 billion, via tender
offer. The offer was conditioned upon at least 50% of SunPower's shares being
tendered.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 7, 2000, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LIBERTY PLANS TO CONSOLIDATE SEVERAL OF ITS MUTUAL FUNDS

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. D1

LENGTH: 205 words


One of these days, you may pick up our mutual-fund table and find that your fund
isn't in its usual place. Liberty Financial Cos. is the latest fund company to
streamline its fund lineup. Liberty said Monday that it will merge 19 of its
stock and bond mutual funds into 10 other funds. Liberty's fund families include
Colonial, Crabbe Huson, Stein Roe & Farnham, Liberty and Newport. Among the
proposed changes: The Liberty Fund will acquire Liberty Strategic Balanced;
Liberty Intermediate Government will acquire Liberty Short-Term Government;
Stein Roe Intermediate Municipal will acquire Liberty Intermediate Tax-Exempt;
Liberty Growth & Income will acquire Liberty Value Opportunities, Liberty Value,
Liberty All-Star Growth & Income and Stein Roe Growth & Income; Liberty Select
Value will acquire Liberty Small-Cap Value and Stein Roe Disciplined Stock;
Liberty Special will acquire Liberty Contrarian Small-Cap; Liberty Contrarian
Equity will acquire Liberty Contrarian Balanced; Liberty Newport Asia Pacific
Fund will acquire Liberty Newport Tiger Club and Stein Roe Small-Cap Tiger;
Liberty Newport Global Utilities will acquire Liberty Newport Global Equity. The
company hopes to complete the mergers in January.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Money News to Use

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              150 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 15, 1982 Thursday

FIRA approves   16 proposals

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The Foreign Investment Review Agency has approved 16
 foreign investment proposals and disallowed one.

FIRA rejected a proposal by Sound FX of Canada Ltd. of Toronto,
 controlled by a U.S. resident, to establish a business in Toronto to
 provide post-production sound editing services for the motion picture
 industry.

The 16 proposals allowed are:
    Amplitrol Electronics Ltd. of Candiac, Que., a subsidiary of Honeywell
 Inc. of Minneapolis, Minn., to acquire control of Automatic Alarms and
 Signals Ltd. of Toronto and its subsidiaries.

Barlow Gibb UK Ltd. of Britain, controlled by International Venture
 Corp. Ltd. of Australia, to acquire control of M.S. Gibb (Canada) Ltd. of
 Thornhill, Ont., which warehouses and distributes high quality marine
 fittings.

Collinson Resorts Ltd. of Morson, Ont., controlled by two U.S.
 citizens, to acquire control of Gaudry Enterprises Ltd. of Morson, Ont.,
 which operates a hunting and fishing camp.

Crothall Services Ltd. of Oakville, Ont., owned by Prit chard Services
 Group Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of Epix Analysis Systems Canada
 Ltd.

Easco Corp. of Baltimore., Md., to acquire control of K-D Tools of
 Canada Ltd., Mississauga, Ont., owned by K-D Manufacturing Co. of
 Lancaster, Penn., which packages and distributes hand tools.

Grow Group Inc. of New York, to establish a business in Concord, Ont.,
 to distribute marine coating products, which would be manufactured in
 Canada.

Phillip Eugene Iddings and Linda Kay Iddings of Covington, Ohio, to
 acquire control of Wright Point Resort of Port Loring, Ont., a tourist
 camp.

National Business Lists Inc. of Chicago to establish a business in
 Toronto to compile, publish and lease directories and mailing lists of
 businesses in Ontario.

James Negaard, Wayne Schmidt and Lawrence Lahr of St. Cloud, Minn., to
 establish a business in Edmonton to produce and distribute prescription
 eyeglasses.

Terry Noble of Burnsville, Minn., to acquire control of Pharmasystems
 Inc. of Markham, Ont., which distributes labels, oral syringes, pill boxes
 and warning labels to pharmacies.

Optec NV of Curaco, Netherlands Antilles, to acquire control of Norris
 Warming Canada Ltd. of Ottawa, owned by Marryat Jackson Norris Ltd. of
 Britain, which designs and supplies heating, ventilation and air-
 conditioning systems to the shipbuilding and ship repair industry.

Robert Elie Rashid, Paul Francis Thomas and Mark Anthony Thomas of Mt.
 Clemens, Mich., to acquire control of West Grand Body Shop Ltd. of
 Windsor, the exclusive franchised dealer for Mercedes-Benz automobiles for
 the city.

Tactec Systems of Canada Inc., Mississauga, a subsidiary of Tactec
 Systems Inc. of Meadow Lands, Penn., to acquire control of the Mobile
 Communications Systems division of RCA Inc. of Toronto, owned by RCA Corp.
 of New York, which imports and distributes mobile and portable FM two-way
 radio equipment and communication systems.

Union Carbide Canada Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Union Carbide Corp.
 of Danbury, Conn., to acquire control of Canadian Welding Gases Ltd. of
 Oshawa, Ont., which distributes welding products and industrial gases.

Unitech Ltd. of Britain to acquire control of Erie Manufacturing Co.
 (Canada) Ltd. of Stouffville, Ont., a subsidiary of Erie Manufacturing Co.
 of Milwaukee, Wis., which manufactures and markets primarily measurement
 and control devices for heating, ventilating and air-conditioning
 equipment.

Walton Insurance Ltd. of Hamilton, Bermuda, owned by Phillips Petroleum
 Co. of Bartlesville, Okla., to establish a business in Mount Albert, Ont.,
 to provide insurance and reinsurance services.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday

A real-life Toy Story

BYLINE: JIM WINTER TH assistant city editor * jwinter@wcinet.com

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1581 words


through the years 1945: Ertl Co. is founded by Fred Ertl Sr. 1959: The company
moves to larger facilities in Dyersville, Iowa. 1967: Ertl is acquired by Victor
Comptometer Corp. 1971: Ertl acquires Carter Tru-Scale. 1972: Ertl begins
manufacturing plastic model kits. 1974: Ertl acquires Structo Stamped Steel.
1977: Kidde Inc. acquires Ertl with purchase of Victor Comptometer Corp. 1981:
Ertl acquires AMT model kit company. 1985: Ertl acquires MPC model kits. 1987:
Hanson PLC purchases Kidde Corp. Ertl acquires ECSI model kit company. 1989:
Racing Champions is founded by Bob Dods, Boyd Meyer and Peter Chung. 1995:
Hanson PLC consolidates its U.S. companies to form U.S.I.. 1996: Racing
Champions Corp. is formed. 1997: Ertl purchases Britains. 1999: Racing Champions
acquires The Ertl Co. 2003: Racing Champions Ertl acquires Learning Curve,
changes name to RC2 Corp. 2004: RC2 Corporation acquires The First Years and
Playing Mantis.

Fred Ertl Jr. already has ordered the street signs for Algona and Bennett
streets. Next on the list is Wilbricht Lane.

The streets have historic significance for Ertl Jr., whose father, Fred Ertl
Sr., started the Ertl Co. in the family's basement at 398 N. Algona St. in 1945.

For much of its history, the Ertl Co. has been known as making quality toy
tractors and other farm implements. It also has become known for making scale
models and model kits of all types of vehicles.

The company's first factory out of the home was on Wilbricht Lane. Ertl Co.
moved to its permanent home in Dyersville, Iowa, in 1959.

"The name of the German immigrant and his wife is known almost worldwide as a
trusted and reliable company," Ertl Jr. said. "Best described by the words
integrity, principle, steadfastness, quality and respect for all defines what
they represented and taught their children and others."

The Ertl Co. was truly a family operation from the start, and Ertl Jr. said the
history of its founding has never been put into words in detail, until now.

COMING TO AMERICA

Ertl Sr. was 17 years old when he immigrated to the United States in 1923. He
had $5, a German/English dictionary and only a few words of English with him. He
overcame seasickness, arrived at Ellis Island, made it to the train station in
Manhattan and traveled to Dubuque.

He only had a few years of grade school education in reading, writing, some math
and German politics. Starting at age 10, Ertl Sr. worked as an apprentice and
later a journeyman in a foundry, learning the molding trade.

In order to immigrate, Ertl Sr. had to have a sponsor, a full-time job and a
commitment to learn English and civics. He also had to become an American
citizen within five years.

Ertl Sr.'s sponsor was his uncle John Kunnert. They lived above the Kunnert
grocery store on Central Avenue, between 15th and 16th streets.

FOUNDRY WORK

Ertl Sr. worked for the Adams Co., located where the Diamond Jo Casino stands.
Adams made furnace and heating equipment. He made sand molds by hand for furnace
domes and lower fire boxes.

"He was the only molder who could make them with almost no scrap or defects,"
Ertl Jr. said.

In 1933, Ertl Sr.'s older brother John lured his younger brother to the John
Deere factory in Waterloo, Iowa.

"You just didn't do that in the middle of the Depression," Ertl Jr. said. "He
had to be good at what he did or another company wouldn't have hired him under
those economic conditions."

After three months, Ertl Sr. came back to Dubuque and the Adams Co. hired him
back.

"His boss, Jack Meyer, admitted they had trouble getting anyone to do his job,"
Ertl Jr. said. "Hiring people back didn't happen during the Depression, either."

The loyalty Ertl Sr. and Adams showed each other would play a major role in Ertl
Sr. starting his business.

'Anti-strike stance'

Ertl Sr. worked happily at Adams until May 1945, when the molders' union went on
strike. Ertl Sr. helped organize the union in the early 1940s, and despite being
a union officer he was against the strike and refused to picket, which meant no
strike benefit pay.

"His refusal and anti-strike stance came about because he said Adams stuck by
him and the others with jobs during the Depression," Ertl Jr. said.

Ertl Sr.'s wife, Gertrude Sauser, did not agree with his stance, and Ertl Jr.,
15 at the time, was old enough to understand why. There were five children to
take care of.

"She thought he was a stubborn, bull-headed German and wanted him to give in and
picket," Ertl Jr. said. "That was truly a test of his integrity and loyalty to
his employer in very difficult circumstances.

"That showed all of us what integrity and principle meant."

Ertl Sr. had an idea of making cast aluminum toys and melting the metal in his
home's heating furnace, but in the middle of August?

"He knew such toys would be in demand after the war ended and toys had been in
short supply," Ertl Jr. said.

THE BUSINESS BEGINS

Ertl Sr. and his wife had no formal education. They had never run a business.
Gertrude grew up on a small dairy farm north of Cascade, Iowa. She helped her
father, two brothers and a sister run Sauser's Dairy, a small bottled milk
dairy.

Gertrude started high school, but she dropped out to help support the family.
She found a job at Cascade Creamery, where she learned how to keep books and
financial records.

With little or no money, materials and equipment needed to be acquired. Ertl Jr.
and his brother Bob went with their father to East Dubuque, Ill., to obtain
molding sand.

"We had several loads of sand in 5-gallon buckets and pails in the back of our
1941, four-door Oldsmobile," Ertl Jr. said. "We took the back seat out to give
us more hauling room."

Ertl Sr. needed aluminum. He was good friends of Max Blum, of Blum Co., located
on 15th and Elm streets. Ertl Jr. and Bob took the Oldsmobile to the company and
found auto pistons and other castings. Later, Blum located pistons that were
scrapped at the Savanna Ordnance Depot (also known as the Savanna Army Depot) in
Illinois.

They became the material of choice. Multiple trips yielded enough material to
get started.

THE TOOLS

Ertl Sr. gathered enough hand tools to compact the sand and bought a flask, to
hold molds while they were being made, from the Adams Co. He had small hand
tools called "slicks" to smooth out the molds.

Ertl Sr. had the tools, but now he had a problem. How to get hot, molten
aluminum at 1,200 degrees in a cast-iron ladle 12 inches in diameter and 12 to
14 inches deep out of a small furnace door used to shovel coal and coke into the
furnace.

He went to a small welding and blacksmith shop on University Avenue where the
Dubuque Dance Studio & Gymnastics Club stands. It made a set of specially
designed tongs for Ertl Sr. to maneuver in multiple angles. It also constructed
a special ladle holder to pour the aluminum into the molds.

"We soon became the hottest house in town," Ertl said.

THE PROCESS

Ertl Sr. made the first molds using an old pre-war cast iron toy made by Arcade
Co., of Freeport, Ill., an Allis Chalmers tractor with a metal driver, as the
pattern. He melted and poured aluminum into the molds, and the family was in
business.

Ertl Jr. and Bob cut the tractor halves off the gates with hacksaws while the
castings were held in a vise. The sons drilled holes in both halves to piece the
castings together with screws and bolts.

Gertrude did the painting by dunking the assembled body halves into automotive
red paint and hung them on racks to drain and dry. Wheels were made of aluminum
casts, painted with black automotive paint and dried. Eventually, the three
youngest brothers - Joe, Allan and John - brought the bodies and wheels upstairs
to be assembled and packed.

The tractors were wrapped in newspapers and placed in cardboard boxes.

HOME TO MARKET

Ertl Sr., Ertl Jr. and Bob had to get the tractors to the public. They loaded up
the Oldsmobile, sans back seat. Their first stop was cousin George Helling's gas
station at the southwest corner of Eighth and Locust streets. Helling bought
between one and two dozen toys at $1 each.

"We left with the cash money," Ertl Jr. said. "Bob and I became sales and
delivery men on the first call."

The Ertls got the same results elsewhere, and Gertrude started taking orders
over the phone.

"Sometimes she would answer the phone with 'Just a moment please, I'll go into
my office,'" Ertl Jr. said. "She wanted customers to think we were big already."

In early November, Ertl Sr. and his five sons went to uncle John Ertl's home in
Waterloo to go pheasant hunting, with the car loaded with toys for the trip.

Every piece was sold before the Oldsmobile pulled into Jesup, Iowa. Gas
stations, drug stores, farm implement dealers, sundry stores and western auto
outlets bought the pieces.

REFLECTION

Ertl Sr., Gertrude and five sons, with the help of several others, created a
business from almost nothing. It survives today and is known for toys and scale
models of high detail.

"It serves consumers from early ages to death as collector items," Ertl Jr.
said. "The items made over the more than 50 years of the company's existence
remain the heart and soul of the farm toy collecting business."

Ertl Co. has been merged into several larger corporations since 1967 and was
bought by Racing Champions in 1999, now known as RC2 Corp. The Ertl product name
is maintained. Ertl Jr. will never forget how it started.

"These two parents were a godsend to us kids and many, many others," Ertl Jr.
said. "Thanks to a great, great country, the United States, legal immigration
and opportunities."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                                October 12, 2009

Data Wrap

BYLINE: Avram Davis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13 Vol. 22 No. 41

LENGTH: 1294  words


Target - Acquirer - Description

Albertelli Sellers-Businesses -- American Processing Co. LLC

American Processing Company LLC agreed to acquire the mortgage processing
business and related assets of Albertelli Sellers, a provider of law firm
services, from James E. Albertelli, for $17 million.

American Petroleum Solutions -- Advanced Clean Technologies

Advanced Clean Technologies Inc. acquired American Petroleum Solutions, a
provider of environmental remediation services.

Anodyne Health Partners Inc. -- Aries Acquisition Corp.

Aries Acquisition Corp, a wholly-owned unit of AthenaHealth Inc. definitively
agreed to acquire Anodyne Health Partners Inc., an Alpharetta-based provider of
healthcare solutions, for $30 million. The consideration was to consist of $22.3
million in cash and up to $7.7 million in profit-related payments.

Bi-Lo LLC-Certain Assets -- Groupe Delhaize

Groupe Delhaize of Belgium signed a Letter of Intent to acquire the certain
assets of Bi-Lo LLC, a Greenville-based owner and operator of grocery stores,
for $425 million in cash.

Carpenter Moore-Western Region -- Woodruff-Sawyer & Co.

Woodruff-Sawyer & Co acquired Western Region Practice Assets of Carpenter Moore
Insurance Services Inc., an insurance agency. Terms were not disclosed.

Chariot Manufacturing Co. Inc. -- Public Acquisition Co. Inc.

Public Acquisition Co. Inc. acquired Chariot Manufacturing Co. Inc. located in
Florida, US, a manufacturer of motorcycle trailers from American Commerce
Solutions Inc. for $2 million, including the assumption of $0.990 in
liabilities.

Epinex Diagnostics Inc. -- Brazos Intl Exploration Inc.

Brazos International Exploration Inc. (Brazos) agreed to acquire the entire
share capital of Epinex Diagnostics Inc., a Tustin- based manufacturer of rapid
tests, for an undisclosed amount in Brazos stock.

eCopy Inc. -- Nuance Communications Inc.

Nuance Communications Inc. (Nuance) acquired the entire share capital of eCopy
Inc., a Nashua-based provider of document imaging solutions and services, in
exchange for an estimated $54 million in Nuance common shares.

Equus Total Return Inc. -- Versatile Systems Inc.

Versatile Systems Inc. of Canada acquired an 8.32% stake, or 0.738 million
common shares in Equus Total Return Inc., a Houston-based closed- end investment
fund, for USD 2.4 million, in a privately negotiated transaction.

Excelaron LLC -- Vesta Capital Corp.

Vesta Capital Corp. of Canada entered into a letter of intent {LOI} to acquire
65% interest in Excelaron LLC, a crude oil exploration and production company,
from Mogul Energy International Inc. (40%), United Hydrocarbon Corp. (21%) and
Barisan Energy Ltd. (5%) for a total consideration of 65 mil common shares of
Vesta Capital Corp.

FL Raintree Ltd. -- FL Master Sherman Ltd.

FL Master Sherman Ltd (FL) agreed to acquire the entire share capital of FL
Raintree Ltd., a Sherman-based real estate agency, from First Leaside Properties
Fund, for $3.55 million. Concurrently, FL agreed to acquire FL Arrow Wood
Apartments Ltd.

FL Arrow Wood Apartments Ltd. -- FL Master Sherman Ltd.

FL Master Sherman Ltd (FL) agreed to acquire the entire share capital of FL
Arrow Wood Apartments Ltd., a Sherman-based real estate agency, from First
Leaside Properties Fund, for $4. 928 million. Concurrently, FL agreed to acquire
FL Raintree Ltd.

FeedRoom Inc. -- KIT digital Inc.

KIT digital Inc. (KIT) definitively agreed to acquire FeedRoom Inc., a New
York-based developer of web- based video software, for $20.961 million. The
consideration was to consist of $7.9 million in cash, assumption of $3.3 million
in liabilities, and the issuance of 0.949 million KIT common shares, valued at
$9.761 million. The shares were valued based on KIT's closing stock price of
$10.29 on 2 October 2009, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.
Concurrently, KIT definitively agreed to acquire Nunet AG of Germany.

General Pool & Spa Supply Inc. -- Pool Corp.

Pool Corp. definitively agreed to acquire General Pool & Spa Supply Inc., a
Rancho Cordova-based wholesaler of swimming pool and spa products.

452 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY -- 452 Fifth Owners LLC

452 Fifth Owners LLC of Israel, a special purpose acquisition vehicle formed by
Property & Building Corp (Property) Ltd. and Koor Industries Ltd. (Koor), agreed
to acquire 452 Fifth Avenue, located in New York, New York, an owner and
operator of an office building, from HSBC Bank USA NA, a unit of HSBC Holdings
PLC {HSBC}'s HSBC North America Holdings Inc subsidiary, for $330 million in
cash, in a sale and leaseback transaction. Property and Koor are units of IDB
Holding Corp. Ltd.

Undisclosed Post Prodn Studio -- Camelot Entertainment Group

Camelot Entertainment Group Inc. signed a letter of intent to acquire
undisclosed post-production film studio, a provider of motion picture production
services, for $8.749 million. The consideration was to consist of $4.287 million
in cash and $4.462 million in preferred stock.

Preferred Health Systems Inc. -- Coventry Health Care Inc.

Coventry Health Care Inc. definitively agreed to acquire Preferred Health
Systems Inc., a Wichita-based provider of health care insurance services, from
Via Christi Health System Inc., a 50%-owned unit of Ascension Health. Terms were
not disclosed.

RiverView Mktg Consultants Ltd. -- Reynolds DeWalt Corporation

Reynolds DeWalt Corporation acquired RiverView Marketing Consultants Ltd., a New
Bedford-based provider of marketing services. Terms were not disclosed.

Acoustic Marketing Research -- Medical Imaging Holdings Inc.

Medical Imaging Holdings Inc., a unit of Galen Partners, acquired Acoustic
Marketing Research Inc., doing business as Sonora Medical Systems, a
Longmont-based manufacturer of medical equipment, from Misonix Inc., for $8
million in cash.

Soapstone Networks-Cert Asts -- Undisclosed Acquiror

Soapstone Networks Inc., a Billerica-based developer of resource and service
control software, divested its certain assets to an undisclosed acquiror, for an
estimated $2.2 million.

Timmons & Co. -- BKSH & Associates Worldwide

BKSH & Associates Worldwide agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Timmons & Co., a Washington- based provider of lobbying services. Terms were not
disclosed.

Undisclosed Software Dvlp Co. -- NuMobile Inc

NuMobile Inc. planned to acquire an undisclosed software development company, a
developer of commercial software applications. Terms were not disclosed.

Verified Identity Pass-Cert As -- Henry Inc.

Henry Inc. agreed to acquire the certain assets of Verified Identity Pass Inc.,
a New York City-based developer of security solutions software for airports.

Wilshire Credit Corp-Op Asts -- IBM

International Business Machines Corp. {IBM} agreed to acquire the core operating
assets of Wilshire Credit Corp, a Beaverton-based provider of financing and
mortgage services, and a unit of the Merrill Lynch Mortgage Capital Inc.
subsidiary of Bank of America Corp's Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc's unit. Terms were
not disclosed.

Avocent Corp. -- Emerson Electric Co.

Emerson Electric Co agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Avocent Corp,
a Huntsville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of hardware products and
developer of software, for $25 in cash per share, or a total value of $1.109
billion.

Brocade Commun Sys Inc. -- Seeking Buyer

In October 2009, Brocade Communications Systems Inc., a San Jose-based developer
of storage area networking infrastructure solutions, was rumored to be seeking a
buyer for the company. Hewlett- Packard Co. and Oracle Corp were named as
potential bidders.

Enbridge Energy-Assets -- Seeking Buyer

In October 2009, Enbridge Energy Partners LP, a Houston-based owner and operator
of oil and natural gas pipelines, announced that it was seeking a buyer for its
non-core natural gas pipelines, located in Texas.

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday

Nuclear hypocrisy over Iran

SECTION: OPINION; Opinion; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 837 words


Iran is entitled to develop nuclear energy and breaks no agreements or
commitments in so doing, writes Vincent Browne.

If Iran wants to acquire nuclear weapons capacity, it has been encouraged to
acquire it by those very countries that now threaten it. In challenging the
legitimacy of the state of Israel, Iran is not just voicing the opinion of
millions in the Middle East and beyond but is advancing a reasoned opinion
supported by historical fact.

Before I go further on the issue of Israel, I am conscious that any suggestion
that the state of Israel may be illegitimate is seen as anti-Semitic. But how is
it that although one regards the Holocaust as the greatest crime against
humanity in history, the serial pogroms against the Jews throughout Europe and
beyond also as crimes against humanity and our own treatment of Jews in Ireland
as an abomination, one is regarded as anti-Semitic because one thinks the
illegal and violent removal of Palestinians from their homes in Palestine in
1948 - the acts which founded the state of Israel - was another historic
outrage? But back to the nuclear issue.

Iran signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, promising, among other things,
not to acquire nuclear weapons capacity. Countries that now threaten Iran - the
US, France and Britain - never made any promise not to acquire nuclear weapons
capacity because they already had them. They now have tens of thousands of
nuclear weapons between them.

A section of that Non-Proliferation Treaty specifically provided for Iran, and
the other signatories, to develop nuclear power and that is precisely what Iran
is now proposing to do. Nobody objected to Iran having this freedom under the
treaty. It has since emerged that while America and Britain were assisting
Israel to acquire nuclear power capacity, as provided for under the treaty,
these same powers, along with France, were acting in breach of that same treaty
in assisting Israel to acquire nuclear weapons. Israel now has between 75 and
125 warheads.

In assisting Israel to acquire nuclear arms, America, Britain and France were
encouraging neighbouring states to acquire nuclear weapons capacity, lest their
security be threatened by their hostile neighbour having that capacity.
Therefore, even if it was the case that Iran was then or is now trying to
acquire nuclear weapons capacity, the blame for that would lie with those states
that conspired to create those circumstances in which Iran feels it necessary to
acquire such capacity.

It recently emerged that the Clinton administration in the late 1990s
collaborated with the Israelis in deploying US-supplied Harpoon cruise missiles
armed with nuclear warheads in Israel's fleet of Dolphin-class submarines.

The submarines were supplied by the Germans, another of the states currently
threatening Iran. Israel's seaborne nuclear doctrine is designed to place one
submarine in the Persian Gulf, the other in the Mediterranean, with a third on
standby. Secret test launches of the cruise missile systems were understood to
have been undertaken in May 2000 when Israel carried out tests in the Indian
Ocean. All this was published in the Observer on October 12th, 2003.

So what do we expect? If Israel, a declared enemy of Iran has nuclear weapons,
the only effective deterrent against Israel using such weapons against Iran and
its allies is to acquire nuclear weapons itself.

On June 7th, 1981, Israel bombed a nuclear power plant in Baghdad. Twelve days
later the UN Security Council issued a resolution condemning the Israeli action.

That resolution acknowledged Iraq's right under the Non-Proliferation Treaty to
develop nuclear power and noted that Iraq had complied with all the safeguards
stipulated by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). It noted that
Israel had not adhered to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, and "(Called) upon
Israel urgently to place its nuclear facilities under IAEA safeguards". As it
did under a 1967 resolution calling on it to withdraw to its pre-1967
boundaries, Israel simply ignored the UN resolution.

Now, when Iran proposes to develop nuclear energy, as it is quite entitled to do
under the treaty, the countries that gave Israel its nuclear weapons capacity -
America, Britain, France and Germany - threaten to invoke economic sanctions
against Iran.

How is it that double standards in the conduct of foreign affairs is the
accepted norm? How is it that the questioning of the legitimacy of a state that
was born by the despoliation of a vulnerable Palestinian community is regarded
as tantamount to incitement to genocide?

It clearly is not now possible to undo the Israeli state but a solution to the
current impasse in the Middle East has to begin at least with an awareness of
the historic injustice that lies behind that state and at least an insistence
that Israel is forced to withdraw to the pre-1967 borders, that the Palestinian
capital be based in east Jerusalem and that the refugees driven from the land in
1948 have a right to return.

Meanwhile, hands off Iran.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 17, 1986 Wednesday

Investment Canada approves 2 proposals

BYLINE: The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B16

LENGTH: 654 words


Two investment proposals have been approved after review by Investment
 Canada.

Approved are plans by:

IC Industries (Canada) Inc. of Brantford, Ont., a wholly owned
 subsidiary of IC Industries Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Primo Foods Ltd., Manning Biscuits Ltd. and
 Hazelnut Foods Ltd. of Toronto, which manufacture and distribute food
 products.

340384 Alberta Ltd. of Calgary, controlled by Apache Corp. of
 Minneapolis, to acquire control of the Canadian assets of Cotton Petroleum
 Corp. of Tulsa, Okla., which consist of oil and gas properties in Western
 Canada.

Investment Canada also announced that it has been advised of the
 following investment plans. Under the agency's rules, notice must be given
 for these transactions but federal Government approval is not required.

Notice was given for plans by:

Broadcom Inc. of Secaucus, N.J., to establish a business at
 Mississauga, Ont., to carry out research and development in high-
 technology telecommunications systems.

Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co. Ltd. of South Korea to establish
 a business at Vancouver to provide general contracting and construction
 management services.

Acquisitions:

Bombay Palace (International) Inc. of New York to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Chatwal Restaurants Inc. and Ekomkar Restaurants
 Corp. of Canada Ltd., both of Montreal, and Bombay Palace Inc. of Toronto,
 which are restaurant operations.

Coopers Agropharm Inc. of the United States to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Burroughs Wellcome Inc., consisting of its animal
 health products division of Kirkland, Que., which distributes animal
 health products. Coopers Agropharm is also to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Atkemix Inc., consisting of the animal health
 products business of its ICI Pharma division of Mississauga, Ont., which
 distributes animal health products.

ICI American Holdings Inc. of Wilmington, Del., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Tracerco Radioactive Diagnostic Services Canada
 Inc. of Sarnia, Ont., which provides diagnostic engineering services to
 the petrochemical industry. ICI American Holdings is also to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Katalco Catalyst Co. Ltd. of
 Edmonton, which manufactures and sells processed catalysts to the
 petroleum refining industry.

MRC Acquisition Corp. of New York to acquire control of the businesses
 carried on by Midland- Ross of Canada Ltd., Mississauga, Ont., which
 manufactures and sells furnaces and air systems for the pulp and paper
 industry, Petrochem Isoflow Furnaces of Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, which
 manufactures and sells thermal equipment for the petroleum and
 petrochemical industry, Cambridge Thermionic of Canada Ltd., Mississauga,
 which manufactures and sells connectors and components for
 telecommunications, data processing and industrial controls, and Electro-
 Nite of Canada Ltd., Mississauga, which sells expendable sensors and
 instruments for the iron and steel industry.

036983 N.B. Ltd. of Denmark to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Industrial Rubber Co. of Bathurst, N.B., which manufactures, imports
 and distributes rubber related goods.

Regent Acquisition Sub Inc. of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Ted Bates Advertising Inc. of Toronto, which is an
 advertising agency.

674898 Ontario Ltd. of the United States to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Ford- Smith Machine Co. Ltd. of Fruitland, Ont.,
 which makes and sells heavy metal products, and Ford- Smith Co. Ltee of
 Montreal, which warehouses and sells heavy metal products.

TNT Canada Inc. of Australia to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Metro Customs Brokers Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont.

Vigoro Industries Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Vigoro Inc. of Toronto, which manufactures and sells
 fertilizers, plant foods and related products.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 4, 1984 Tuesday

22 investment plans   are approved by FIRA

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - The federal Cabinet has approved 22 foreign investment
 proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The proposals were by:
    American Freight Systems Inc. of Overland Park, Kan., to establish a
 business at Toronto to market its motor carrier services to Canadian
 shippers and receivers engaged in the transportation of goods to and from
 the United States.

Armco Canada Ltd. of Guelph, Ont., which is a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Armco Inc. of Middletown, Ohio, and Stelco Inc. of Toronto to establish
 businesses at Edmonton and Kamloops, B.C., to manufacture grinding media
 for the mining industry.

Cubs Radio Inc. of Toronto, which is owned by four U.S. citizens and a
 Canadian citizen, to establish a business at Toronto to sell advertising
 time on college and university radio stations.

K-Konsult of Sweden to establish a business at Ottawa and Toronto to
 provide engineering services in energy, water and waste management.

Maharishi Education Foundation of Jersey, Channel Islands, to establish
 a business at Toronto to operate private secondary schools in developing
 countries.

PGE Technology Canada Inc. of Saskatoon, which is wholly owned by PGE
 Technology Inc. of Danvers, Mass., to establish a business at Saskatoon to
 manufacture and sell edible oils.

Public Interest Communications Inc. of Falls Church, Va., to establish
 a business at Toronto to provide updated Canadian telephone numbers to
 Public Interest Communications Inc. in the United States.

Severin Montres Ltd. of Los Angeles to establish a business at Toronto
 to import from the United States and sell in Canada Gucci brand
 timepieces.

Spectragraphics Corp. of San Diego, Calif., to establish a business at
 Ottawa to provide installation and maintenance services for its current
 and prospective customers.

Aviscar Inc. of Montreal, which is ultimately owned by Beatrice Cos.
 Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business carried on by Casbro
 Services Ltd. of Calgary.

Beverly Enterprises Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which is wholly owned by
 Beverly Enterprises of Pasadena, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Bestview Holdings Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont.

Burger King Canada Inc. of Mississauga, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Burger King Corp. of Miami, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Roger Parent Ltd. of Ottawa, which is a franchisee
 and operator of a Burger King restaurant.

CBI Industries Inc. of Oak Brook, Ill., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Liquid Carbonic Inc. of Scarborough, Ont.

Collins and Aikman Inc. of Farnham, Que., which is ultimately owned by
 Collins and Aikman Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Borg Textiles Inc. of Elmira, Ont.

Foseco Minsep PLC of Britain to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Gibson- Homans of Canada Ltd., Mississauga.

Harrisons and Crosfield (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, which is ultimately
 wholly owned by Harrisons and Crosfield PLC of Britain, to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Bate Chemical Co. Ltd. of Willowdale, Ont.,
 excluding its polyresins division.

Island Lake Properties Inc. of Louisville, Ky., to acquire control of
 the business carried on by Island Lake Lodge of Dunchurch, Ont.

Legrand SA of France to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Pass and Seymour Canada Inc. of Downsview, Ont.

PW Pharmacal Inc. of Port Washington, N.Y., and Novocol Chemical
 Manufacturing Co. Inc. of Syosset, N.Y., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Novocol Chemical Manufacturing Co. of Canada Ltd.,
 Cambridge, Ont.

LTV Corp. of Dallas to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Union Drawn Steel Co. Ltd. of Hamilton.
    2164-2269 Quebec Inc. of Montreal, which is wholly owned by Hunstman-
 Russtek Polymers Inc. of Rome, Ga., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Produits Chimiques Potton Ltee, consisting of its plant at
 Ajax, Ont.

Webcor Electronics Inc. of Plainview, N.Y., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Repco Radio Canada Ltd. of Pickering, Ont.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 21, 1984 Tuesday

23 foreign proposals   approved by Ottawa

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 23 of 24 foreign
 investment proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review
 Agency.

The only proposal rejected was by Renomo Importations Inc. of Montreal,
 which is equally owned by a citizen of Syria and a Canadian citizen, to
 establish a business in Montreal to import and manufacture men's clothing.

The proposals approved were by:
    Atlantic Resources Ltd. of Britain, Abdul Malik Y Al Hamar of Abu
 Dhabi, and Coastal Associates and Consultants Ltd. of St. John's to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Terra Nova Power and
 Development Ltd., also of St. John's.

Shlomo Baron of West Germany and Danur Holdings Ltd. of Toronto to
 establish a business in Toronto to import and export fruits, vegetables
 and flowers.

BIC Inc. of Toronto, which is wholly owned by BIC Corp. of Milford,
 Conn., Martin Lilley and Bruce Anderson, both of Toronto, to acquire
 control of Trilantic Corp., also of Toronto.

Browning-Ferris Industries Ltd. of Toronto, which is wholly owned by
 Browning-Ferris Industries Inc. of Houston, to acquire control of the
 business carried on by T. Puckrin and Son Ltd. of Whitby, Ont.

Cerro Mining Co. of Canada Ltd., Toronto, which is ultimately owned by
 Marmon Holdings Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Canada Spring Inc. of Montreal.

EG and G Canada Ltd. of Dorval, Que., which is ultimately a wholly
 owned subsidiary of EG and G Inc. of Wellesley, Mass., to acquire control
 of the business carried on by Tubefit Ltd., consisting of its Fluid
 Sealing Product division at Sarnia, Ont.

Fisons Western Corp. of Vancouver, which is wholly owned by Fisons PLC
 of Britain, to acquire control of the business carried on by Langley Peat
 North Ltd. of Langley, B.C.

Helm Resources Inc. of New York to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Bamberger Polymers (Canada) Inc. of Brampton, Ont.

Kingsbury Machine Tool (Canada) Ltd. of Burlington, Ont., which is a
 wholly owned subsidiary of Kingsbury Machine Tool Corp. of Keene, N.H., to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Export Tool and Welding Co.
 Ltd. of Toronto.

Brad Krause of Santa Cruz, Calif., Paul Orfalea and Jim Warren of Santa
 Barbara, Calif., and Tim Stancliffe of Boulder, Col., to establish a
 business in Vancouver, and at other locations in Canada, to provide
 photocopying, printing and binding services primarily to the university
 community.

National Gypsum Co. of Dallas to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Austin Co. Ltd. of Toronto.

Nestle Enterprises Ltd. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Nestle SA of Switzerland, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by 566416 Ontario Ltd. of Toronto.

Novo Industri AS of Denmark to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Connaught Laboratories Ltd., consisting of its Insulin Manufacturing
 division in Toronto.

Paper Calmenson and Co. of St. Paul, Minn., to establish a business at
 Edmonton to manufacture replacement blades for bulldozers, scrapers,
 loaders and snow plows.

Michael Glen Player of Bellevue, Wash., and Chad Hazam of Harrisburg,
 Pa., to establish a business at Vancouver to rent, install and repair
 televisions, stereo units, appliances, accessories and furniture.

Arthur Rogow and James Elkins of Fort Lauderdale to acquire control of
 the businesses carried on by Kentucky Holdings Ltd. consisting of Special
 Placer Mining Lease - SPML No. 1473 located at Manson River, B.C., and by
 Mikado Resources Ltd. consisting of certain placer mining leases located
 on the Bull and Fox creeks and the O'Donnel River, B.C.

Shulcon Industries Inc. of Phoenix to establish a business at Brampton,
 Ont., to manufacture, test, package, warehouse and distribute a calf
 antidiarrheal product.

Sinorg SA of France to establish a business in Montreal to develop and
 sell computer software systems adapted for use by hospitals.

Marmon Group of Canada Inc., Montreal, which is ultimately owned by
 Marmon Holdings Inc. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Automotive Spring Inc. of Montreal.

Warren Explorations Ltd. of Calgary, which is controlled by Standard
 Life Assurance Co. of Scotland, to establish a business at Calgary to
 explore for, develop and produce oil and gas.

Wacker-Chemie GmbH of West Germany and Exolon Co. of Tonawanda, N.Y.,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Exolon Co. of Canada
 Ltd., Thorold, Ont.

Xerox Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 Xerox Corp. of Stamford, Conn., to establish a business in Toronto to
 develop, acquire and manage real estate properties.

Kenneth Zaretzky of Niagara Falls, N.Y., a U.S. resident, to establish
 a business at Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ont., to publish a weekly trade journal
 about the breeding and exhibition of pure-bred dogs.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                                 July 29, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: Audax, Oracle, Platte River;
Audax invests in RelaDyne; Oracle buys NetSuite; Platte River Backs CTS

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3669  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Linear Technology  Analog Devices Inc         14,375.6   Analog Devices Inc
Corp                                                    definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Linear Technology
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                             Milpitas-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                         wholesaler of high
                                                         performance linear
                                                       integrated circuits,
                                                        for $14.376 billion
                                                          The consideration
                                                       would consist of $46
                                                             per share plus
                                                       Analog common shares
                                                        collectively valued
                                                          at $3.359 billion
                                                            The shares were
                                                            valued based on
                                                           Analog's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                          $60.53 on 25 July
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
NetSuite Inc              Oracle Corp          8,839.5          Oracle Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of NetSuite Inc, a
                                                            San Mateo-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                cloud-based
                                                              financial and
                                                        enterprise resource
                                                         planning (ERP) and
                                                       omnichannel commerce
                                                       software suites, for
                                                        $109 per share or a
                                                             total of $8.84
                                                         billion via tender
                                                       offer. The offer was
                                                        conditional upon at
                                                        least a majority of
                                                           NetSuites shares
                                                            being tendered.
Yahoo!                        Verizon          4,830.0              Verizon
Inc-Operating      Communications Inc                    Communications Inc
Business                                                definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire the core
                                                         business of Yahoo!
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Sunnyvale-based
                                                       provider of internet
                                                              search engine
                                                           services, for an
                                                            estimated $4.83
                                                        billion Originally,
                                                          in December 2015,
                                                         Yahoo! was rumored
                                                            to be seeking a
                                                              buyer for its
                                                         internet business.
Vizio Inc            LeEco Global Ltd          2,000.0  LeEco Global Ltd of
                                                           China, a unit of
                                                            Beijing's Leshi
                                                       Internet Information
                                                         & Technology Corp,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire Vizio
                                                       Inc, an Irvine-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                                marketer of
                                                            high-definition
                                                         LCD/LED flat panel
                                                        televisions, for $2
                                                               billion Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                         deal, the hardware
                                                               and software
                                                        businesses of Vizio
                                                        will be operated as
                                                             a wholly-owned
                                                        subsidiary of LeEco
                                                       and the Vizio's data
                                                           business will be
                                                                  spun off.
                                                       Originally, in April
                                                            2016, VIZIO Inc
                                                          announced that it
                                                        was seeking a buyer
                                                            for its 11.934%
                                                             stake or 2.435
                                                           million ordinary
                                                           shares in Vizio.
Citrix Systems            LogMeIn Inc          1,802.6 Via a Reverse Morris
Inc-GoTo Business                                        Trust transaction,
                                                                LogMeIn Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire the GoTo
                                                         business of Citrix
                                                        Systems Inc, a Fort
                                                           Lauderdale-based
                                                              developer and
                                                                provider of
                                                                application
                                                               software, in
                                                           exchange for the
                                                           issuance of 27.6
                                                            million LogMeIn
                                                              common shares
                                                        collectively valued
                                                           at around $1.803
                                                         billion The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                          LogMeIn's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                          $65.31 on 25 July
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
                                                         Upon completion of
                                                          the deal, LogMeIn
                                                            and GoTo, would
                                                           respectively own
                                                         49.9% and 50.1% of
                                                         the merged entity.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                            September 2015,
                                                         Citrix was rumored
                                                            to be seeking a
                                                              buyer for the
                                                          company. Dell Inc
                                                            and Silver Lake
                                                           Partners LP were
                                                              named rumored
                                                              bidders then.
It Cosmetics LLC           L'Oreal SA          1,200.0 L'Oreal SA of France
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to pay $1.2 billion
                                                              to acquire IT
                                                           Cosmetics LLC, a
                                                          Jersey City-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        cosmetics for eyes,
                                                            lips, face, and
                                                                      body.
Liberty Property       Investor Group            969.0   An investor group,
Trust-non-core                                                 comprised of
suburban                                                 Workspace Property
properties                                                Trust and Safanad
                                                             Ltd, agreed to
                                                       acquire the non-core
                                                        suburban properties
                                                        of Liberty Property
                                                                   Trust, a
                                                         Malvern-based real
                                                          estate investment
                                                              trust, for an
                                                        estimated $969 mil.
Outerwall Inc           Apollo Global            897.2        Apollo Global
                       Management LLC                        Management LLC
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of Outerwall Inc, a
                                                             Bellevue-based
                                                                provider of
                                                           automated retail
                                                         solutions, for $52
                                                       per share or a total
                                                        of $897.243 million
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                         buyout transaction
                                                        and a tender offer.
                                                              The offer was
                                                           conditional upon
                                                           more than 50% of
                                                         Outerwall's shares
                                                       being tendered. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                            deal, Outerwall
                                                        common shares would
                                                           be delisted from
                                                                    NASDAQ.
Silver Run                 Riverstone            810.0  Riverstone Holdings
Acquisition Corp         Holdings LLC                         LLC agreed to
                                                          acquire a 56.645%
                                                         interest or 81.005
                                                         million new common
                                                       shares in Silver Run
                                                        Acquisition Corp, a
                                                        Houston-based blank
                                                         check company, for
                                                         $10 per share or a
                                                         total of $810 mil,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Aperture New        E*Trade Financial            725.0    E*Trade Financial
Holdings Inc                     Corp                     Corp definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                               Aperture New
                                                            Holdings Inc, a
                                                                Dover-based
                                                         investment holding
                                                              company, from
                                                       General Atlantic LLC
                                                          for $725 million.
                                                            The transaction
                                                              would include
                                                             OpenHouse LLC.
Donna Karan             G-III Apparel            650.0  G-III Apparel Group
International Inc           Group Ltd                      Ltd definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                           capital of Donna
                                                        Karan International
                                                                 Inc, a New
                                                                 York-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                        wholesaler of men's
                                                                and women's
                                                        clothing, from LVMH
                                                        Moet Hennessy Louis
                                                         Vuitton SA, for an
                                                        estimated $650 mil.
Epiq Systems Inc       Investor Group            625.7   An investor group,
                                                         comprised of OMERS
                                                         Private Equity Inc
                                                        and Harvest Parnets
                                                              LP, agreed to
                                                                acquire the
                                                         remaining stake it
                                                       does not already own
                                                       in Epiq Systems Inc,
                                                        a Kansas City-based
                                                              developer and
                                                              proprietor of
                                                         software products,
                                                       for $16.50 per share
                                                              or a total of
                                                       $625.698 million via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                        February 2016, Epiq
                                                            Systems Inc was
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the Company.
Sequenom Inc       Laboratory Corp of            286.1   Laboratory Corp of
                     America Holdings                      America Holdings
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Sequenom Inc, a
                                                            San Diego-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       medical instruments,
                                                         via a tender offer
                                                        for $2.40 per share
                                                              or a total of
                                                              $286.118 mil.
Whitlock Packaging Refresco Gerber NV            129.0   Refresco Gerber NV
Corp                                                     of the Netherlands
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                         Whitlock Packaging
                                                        Corp, a Tulsa-based
                                                                provider of
                                                              packaging and
                                                         labeling services,
                                                              for $129 mil.
General              KAMCO Investment            113.0       Kuwait's KAMCO
Electric-Office               Co KSCP                   Investment Co KSCP,
Building                                                   a unit of United
                                                       Gulf Bank BSC, plans
                                                        to pay $113 million
                                                       to acquire an office
                                                              building from
                                                        General Electric, a
                                                            Fairfield-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        power, distribution
                                                              and specialty
                                                              transformers.
Crimson Trace Corp     Smith & Wesson             95.0       Smith & Wesson
                         Holding Corp                          Holding Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                         to acquire Crimson
                                                              Trace Corp, a
                                                          Wilsonville-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        small arms, for $95
                                                                       mil.
Gordon Composites        PolyOne Corp             85.5         PolyOne Corp
Inc                                                         acquired Gordon
                                                          Composites Inc, a
                                                             Montrose-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           continuous fiber
                                                       reinforced composite
                                                            materials, from
                                                        Gordon Holdings Inc
                                                         for $85.5 million.
                                                            The transaction
                                                               included the
                                                             acquisition of
                                                            Polystrand Inc.
Globus Medical      Alphatec Holdings             80.0    Alphatec Holdings
Inc-International                 Inc                  Inc plans to acquire
Operations &                                              the international
Distributions                                                  operations &
Channels                                                       distribution
                                                         channels of Globus
                                                            Medical Inc, an
                                                              Audubon-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       medical instruments,
                                                               for $80 mil.
Envoy              Hersha Hospitality             70.8   Hersha Hospitality
Hotel,Boston,Massa              Trust                    Trust acquired the
chusetts                                                     Envoy Hotel in
                                                           Boston for $70.8
                                                                       mil.
Nabsys 2.0                Jilin Zixin             42.0          Jilin Zixin
                       Pharmaceutical                        Pharmaceutical
                    Industrial Co Ltd                  Industrial Co Ltd of
                                                             China plans to
                                                              acquire a 67%
                                                         interest in Nabsys
                                                                     2.0, a
                                                             Delaware-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       biological products,
                                                               for $42 mil.
Matrix Oil Corp     Royale Energy Inc             41.5    Royale Energy Inc
                                                         signed a Letter of
                                                       Intent to merge with
                                                         Matrix Oil Corp, a
                                                        Santa Barbara-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                        natural gas, for an
                                                            estimated $41.5
                                                        million via a stock
                                                          swap transaction.
                                                          The consideration
                                                       would consist of the
                                                            issuance of $29
                                                             million Royale
                                                          common shares and
                                                          the assumption of
                                                           $12.5 million in
                                                               liabilities.
Derma Sciences             Dukal Corp             12.2 Dukal Corp agreed to
Inc- First Aid                                            acquire first aid
Division                                                  division of Derma
                                                            Sciences Inc, a
                                                            Princeton-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                         medical disposable
                                                       products and patient
                                                            care items, for
                                                               around $12.2
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist of $9.5
                                                        million in cash and
                                                            $2.7 million in
                                                           promissory note.
International       Flotek Industries             11.2    Flotek Industries
Polymerics Inc                    Inc                        Inc intends to
                                                                    acquire
                                                              International
                                                          Polymerics Inc, a
                                                               Dalton-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         chemical products,
                                                           for an estimated
                                                       $11.169 million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist of $7.9
                                                            million and the
                                                          issuance of 0.248
                                                             million common
                                                        shares collectively
                                                           valued at $3.269
                                                        million. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                           Flotek's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                          $13.18 on 26 July
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
Appcito Inc          A10 Networks Inc                      A10 Networks Inc
                                                           acquired Appcito
                                                               Inc, a Santa
                                                       Clara-based provider
                                                                of software
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Simmonds Martin &     Advantia Health                   Advantia Health, an
Helmbrecht                                                       integrated
Chartered                                               healthcare delivery
                                                               company, has
                                                         acquired Simmonds,
                                                       Martin, & Helmbrecht
                                                       Chartered, an OB-GYN
                                                          practice based in
                                                        Damascus, Maryland.
Virtuoso LLC       Ameri Holdings Inc                    Ameri Holdings Inc
                                                          acquired Virtuoso
                                                       LLC, a Leawood-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
Surgical Laser Inc  Aquarius Coatings                     Aquarius Coatings
                                  Inc                  Inc of Canada signed
                                                         a Letter of Intent
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of Surgical Laser
                                                         Inc, a Miami-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                           integrated laser
                                                        based solutions, in
                                                           exchange for the
                                                            issuance of CAD
                                                         6.131 million (USD
                                                        4.667 mil) Aquarius
                                                             common shares.
Gabor Insurance    Arthur J Gallagher                  Arthur J Gallagher &
Services Inc                     & Co                     Co acquired Gabor
                                                         Insurance Services
                                                         Inc, a Miami-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        insurance services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Clearsight Systems         Atigeo LLC                   Atigeo LLC acquired
Inc                                                      Clearsight Systems
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                             Bellevue-based
                                                        software publisher.
RelaDyne Inc           Audax Group LP                  Audax Group LP plans
                                                        to acquire RelaDyne
                                                                Inc, a Blue
                                                         Ash-based chemical
                                                        and allied products
                                                       merchant wholesaler,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Intercom                   Belcan LLC                    Belcan LLC, a unit
Consulting &                                               of AE Industrial
Federal Systems                                               Partners LLC,
Corp                                                      acquired Intercom
                                                       Consulting & Federal
                                                            Systems Corp, a
                                                            Lansdowne-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                information
                                                       technology services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Weyland Capital       Boston Advisors                  Boston Advisors Inc,
Management LLC      Inc (Advest Group                      a unit of Advest
                                 Inc)                  Group Inc, plans to
                                                            acquire Weyland
                                                         Capital Management
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                           Portsmouth-based
                                                        investment advisor.
Cosman Medical Inc  Boston Scientific                     Boston Scientific
                                 Corp                  Corp acquired Cosman
                                                             Medical Inc, a
                                                           Burlington-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             radiofrequency
                                                                   devices.
Earthlite Massage     Branford Castle                   Branford Castle Inc
Tables                            Inc                    acquired Earthlite
                                                          Massage Tables, a
                                                       Vista-based provider
                                                                of personal
                                                                  services.
DealerRater                  Cars.com                   Cars.com, a unit of
                                                        Classified Ventures
                                                             Inc, agreed to
                                                       acquire DealerRater,
                                                            a Waltham-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                        retail services for
                                                          pre-owned and new
                                                               automobiles.
Heartland Crop        CGB Diversified                       CGB Diversified
Insurance Inc            Services Inc                    Services Inc plans
                                                       to acquire Heartland
                                                        Crop Insurance Inc,
                                                             a Topeka-based
                                                                direct life
                                                         insurance carrier,
                                                               from Everest
                                                       Reinsurance Holdings
                                                            Inc, ultimately
                                                        owned by Everest Re
                                                                 Group Ltd.
UPF Services LLC    Chronos Solutions                     Chronos Solutions
                                                               acquired UPF
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                       Spokane-based credit
                                                       bureau, from Lynwood
                                                           Capital Partners
                                                                       Inc.
Idea Couture Inc            Cognizant                  Cognizant Technology
                           Technology                        Solutions Corp
                       Solutions Corp                         acquired Idea
                                                         Couture Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             administrative
                                                             management and
                                                         general management
                                                       consulting services.
LaRussa Real          Coldwell Banker                  Coldwell Banker Real
Estate                Real Estate LLC                    Estate LLC, a unit
                                                           of Realogy Corp,
                                                           acquired LaRussa
                                                             Real Estate in
                                                                     Houma.
ConEdison               Constellation                  Constellation Energy
Solutions- Retail    Energy Resources                      Resources LLC, a
Electricity &                     LLC                  unit of Exelon Corp,
Natural Gas                                             definitively agreed
Business                                                     to acquire the
                                                       retail electricity &
                                                       natural gas business
                                                               of ConEdison
                                                               Solutions, a
                                                             Valhalla-based
                                                         provider of energy
                                                          services owned by
                                                        Consolidated Edison
                                                        Co of New York Inc.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Damballa Inc            Core Security                         Core Security
                     Technologies Inc                   Technologies Inc, a
                                                            unit of Courion
                                                             Corp, acquired
                                                           Damballa Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                        software publisher.
Atlas Resource              Creditors                        Atlas Resource
Partners LP                                                  Partners LP, a
                                                       Pittsburgh-based oil
                                                        and gas exploration
                                                             and production
                                                       company, agreed to a
                                                         debt restructuring
                                                           transaction with
                                                       creditors. Creditors
                                                           who currenly own
                                                          senior notes will
                                                         receive 90% of the
                                                           common stock and
                                                           second lien term
                                                          loan holders will
                                                         receive 10% of the
                                                         common stock. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                            deal, creditors
                                                          would hold a 100%
                                                               stake in the
                                                         restructured firm.
                                                          The book value of
                                                          the existing debt
                                                               that will be
                                                        exchanged under the
                                                           offer amounts to
                                                                $1.553 bil.
Gyro Inc                 Dentsu Aegis                     UK's Dentsu Aegis
                          Network Ltd                   Network Ltd, a unit
                                                       of Dentsu Inc, plans
                                                       to acquire Gyro Inc,
                                                           a Downtown-based
                                                        advertising agency.
Dynamic Designs    Denver Apparel LLC                    Denver Apparel LLC
Inc                                                        acquired Dynamic
                                                             Designs Inc, a
                                                              Killeen-based
                                                        advertising agency.
BioD LLC           Derma Sciences Inc                    Derma Sciences Inc
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                                BioD LLC, a
                                                              Memphis-based
                                                                provider of
                                                              biotechnology
                                                               research and
                                                                development
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                       valued at $77.8 mil.
Quantum Fuel                  Douglas                  Douglas Acquisitions
Systems              Acquisitions LLC                      LLC acquired the
Technologies                                             assets of bankrupt
Worldwide                                              Quantum Fuel Systems
Inc-Assets                                                     Technologies
                                                           Worldwide Inc, a
                                                          Lake Forest-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           natural gas fuel
                                                       storage systems, via
                                                        a leveraged buyout.
                                                       Originally, in March
                                                         2016, Quantum Fuel
                                                          announced that it
                                                        was seeking a buyer
                                                            for its assets.
NYM Holding, Inc            E-Compass                             E-Compass
                     Acquisition Corp                   Acquisition Corp of
                                                             China plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                       share capital of NYM
                                                                 Holding, a
                                                                supermarket
                                                                  operator.
LawRoom Inc                EverFi Inc                   EverFi Inc acquired
                                                             LawRoom Inc, a
                                                         Walnut Creek-based
                                                                provider of
                                                           professional and
                                                                 management
                                                       development training
                                                                  services.
RioCan Real Estate    Excel Trust Inc                    Excel Trust Inc is
Investment                                                    rumored to be
Trust-New River                                         planning to acquire
Valley Shopping                                        the New River Valley
Center                                                 shopping center from
                                                       Canada's RioCan Real
                                                          Estate Investment
                                                          Trust. Terms were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                       valued at $23.8 mil.
Commissions Inc     Fidelity National                     Fidelity National
                        Financial Inc                         Financial Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                         Commissions Inc, a
                                                             Marietta-based
                                                       provider of software
                                                       publishing services.
SunEdison Inc-            Flextronics                           Flextronics
Milti Channel &     International Ltd                  International Ltd of
Residential Solar                                        Singapore plans to
Activities                                                      acquire the
                                                            multi-channel &
                                                          residential solar
                                                              activities of
                                                        SunEdison Inc, a St
                                                               Peters-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         semiconductors and
                                                            related device.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                                Flextronics
                                                          International Ltd
                                                       plans to acquire the
                                                        Australian Business
                                                          of SunEdison Inc.
                                                          Both transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                        value of AUD 11.425
                                                         million (USD 8.528
                                                                      mil).
Opinit LLC                Fundamental                           Fundamental
                    Applications Corp                  Applications Corp of
                                                            Canada signed a
                                                       Letter of intent to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          Opinit LLC, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                              reproducer of
                                                                  software.
Pottsville Medical   Griffin-American                      Griffin-American
Office Building    Healthcare Reit IV                    Healthcare Reit IV
                                  Inc                  Inc plans to acquire
                                                             the Pottsville
                                                             Medical Office
                                                                Building in
                                                                Harrisburg.
Original ChopShop      Hargett Hunter                        Hargett Hunter
Co                   Capital Partners                  Capital Partners LLC
                                  LLC                           acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                       interest in Original
                                                             ChopShop Co, a
                                                           Scottsdale-based
                                                               full service
                                                                restaurant.
Winston Salem             Hospitality                  Hospitality Ventures
Marriott                     Ventures                  Management Group Inc
                     Management Group                          acquired the
                                  Inc                         Winston-Salem
                                                            Marriott hotel.
Embassy Suites,           Hospitality                  Hospitality Ventures
Winston Salem                Ventures                  Management Group Inc
                     Management Group                      acquired Embassy
                                  Inc                    Suites, a hotel in
                                                             Winston-Salem.
KeenanSuggs         Hub International                     Hub International
Insurance                         Ltd                        Ltd, a unit of
                                                         Hellman & Friedman
                                                              LLC, plans to
                                                        acquire KeenanSuggs
                                                              Insurance, an
                                                        insurance agency in
                                                                  Columbia.
Healthcare           Huron Consulting                      Huron Consulting
Services                    Group Inc                  Group Inc agreed to
Management Inc                                           acquire Healthcare
                                                        Services Management
                                                        Inc, a Quincy-based
                                                                provider of
                                                            operational and
                                                                information
                                                                 technology
                                                       consulting services.
Duo Public               Impress Labs                          Impress Labs
Relations Inc                                           acquired Duo Public
                                                           Relations Inc, a
                                                       Seattle-based public
                                                          relations agency.
L-com Inc                 Infinite RF                  Infinite RF Holdings
                         Holdings Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                       Genstar Capital LLC,
                                                        acquired L-com Inc,
                                                                    a North
                                                              Andover-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        fiber optic cables,
                                                               from Odyssey
                                                                 Investment
                                                               PartnersLLC.
Washington Park        Investor Group                    An investor group,
Plaza shopping                                            comprised of ALTO
center , Homewood                                       Fund II and Besyata
                                                           Investment Group
                                                          Inc, acquired the
                                                            Washington Park
                                                             Plaza shopping
                                                        center in Homewood.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                        the deal was valued
                                                         at around $32 mil.
Florida Marine               Kali Inc                     Kali Inc of China
Power                                                      acquired Florida
                                                            Marine Power, a
                                                            Bradenton-based
                                                        provider of support
                                                         services for water
                                                            transportation.
Carlson Systems            Kelso & Co                   Kelso & Co acquired
Holdings Inc                                                Carlson Systems
                                                           Holdings Inc, an
                                                                Omaha-based
                                                             distributor of
                                                               power-driven
                                                              fasteners and
                                                        packaging supplies,
                                                         from Tenex Capital
                                                       Management LLC via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
National Truck             Kinderhook                            Kinderhook
Protection Inc         Industries LLC                        Industries LLC
                                                          acquired National
                                                           Truck Protection
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                             Cranford-based
                                                       insurance agency via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
showroom                    Lone Star                  Lone Star Restaurant
facility,Addison,T  Restaurant Supply                       Supply signed a
X                                                      letter of intent to
                                                         acquire a showroom
                                                       facility in Addison,
                                                                     Texas.
Park Wilshire         M West Holdings                  M West Holdings LLC,
Apartments                        LLC                  jointly owned by TPG
                                                            Real Estate and
                                                             DivcoWest Real
                                                           Estate Services,
                                                          acquired the Park
                                                        Wilshire Apartments
                                                            in Los Angeles.
Hickory Creek           McCann Realty                         McCann Realty
Apartments               Partners LLC                    Partners LLC plans
                                                             to acquire the
                                                              Hickory Creek
                                                              Apartments in
                                                                  Columbus.
portfolio of        Montecito Medical                     Montecito Medical
buildings(3),Kings      Investment Co                         Investment Co
port, Tennessee                                              acquired three
                                                          buildings, with a
                                                              total area of
                                                       276,823 square feet,
                                                              in Kingsport,
                                                           Tennessee; Weber
                                                        City, Virginia; and
                                                        Duffield, Virginia.
Design Data Co          Nemetschek AG                      Nemetschek AG of
                                                           Germany acquired
                                                          Design Data Co, a
                                                              Lincoln-based
                                                        software publisher.
Wendys              NPC International                     NPC International
restaurants(39)                   Inc                    Inc, a unit of NPC
                                                        Restaurant Holdings
                                                           LLC, acquired 39
                                                         Wendys restaurants
                                                                     in the
                                                             Raleigh-Durham
                                                         metropolitan area.
Dirt Movers Inc         PalletOne Inc                         PalletOne Inc
                                                       acquired Dirt Movers
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                           Hazlehurst-based
                                                          provider of local
                                                           freight trucking
                                                                  services.
Reilly Windows &           Pella Corp                  Pella Corp plans to
Doors Inc                                                    acquire Reilly
                                                       Windows & Doors Inc,
                                                          a Calverton-based
                                                       manufacturer of wood
                                                         windows and doors.
AdAssured               Pepperjam.com                      Pepperjam.com, a
                                                       unit of GSI Commerce
                                                              Inc, acquired
                                                              AdAssured, an
                                                            Oceanside-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       marketing consulting
                                                                  services.
AdAssured               Pepperjam.com                      Pepperjam.com, a
                                                       unit of GSI Commerce
                                                              Inc, acquired
                                                              AdAssured, an
                                                            Oceanside-based
                                                           internet service
                                                                  provider.
Synergistics        Phoenix Marketing                     Phoenix Marketing
Research Corp           International                         International
                                                                   acquired
                                                               Synergistics
                                                           Research Corp, a
                                                             Norcross-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         marketing research
                                                        and opinion polling
                                                                  services.
CTS Engines LLC          Platte River                          Platte River
                         Ventures LLC                          Ventures LLC
                                                       acquired CTS Engines
                                                                LLC, a Fort
                                                           Lauderdale-based
                                                            provider of air
                                                             transportation
                                                          support services,
                                                            from Palm Beach
                                                        Capital Corp, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Custom Blow         Pretium Packaging                       Genstar Capital
Molding Inc                       LLC                    LLC's unit Pretium
                                                        Packaging LLC plans
                                                          to acquire Custom
                                                       Blow Molding Inc, an
                                                            Escondido-based
                                                       manufacturer of foam
                                                                  products.
ai Design Group        Progressive AE                  Progressive AE plans
Inc                                                          to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of ai Design Group
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Charlotte-based
                                                                provider of
                                                              architectural
                                                                  services.
FirstString                    Relief                   Relief Therapeutics
Research Inc          Therapeutics SA                     SA of Switzerland
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                       FirstString Research
                                                               Inc, a Mount
                                                             Pleasant-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       biological products.
Oak Mortgage Co        Republic First                        Republic First
LLC                       Bancorp Inc                    Bancorp Inc agreed
                                                             to acquire Oak
                                                         Mortgage Co LLC, a
                                                              Marlton-based
                                                       residential mortgage
                                                                   company.
Aternity Inc                 Riverbed                   Riverbed Technology
                       Technology Inc                  Inc plans to acquire
                                                            Aternity Inc, a
                                                          Westborough-based
                                                        software publisher.
X4 Solutions         Sandler Partners                  Sandler Partners LLC
                                  LLC                           acquired X4
                                                               Solutions, a
                                                           Romeoville-based
                                                                      wired
                                                         telecommunications
                                                                   carrier.
Strategic Growth            Sunflower                   Sunflower Financial
Bancorp Inc             Financial Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                       agreed to merge with
                                                           Strategic Growth
                                                         Bancorp Inc, an El
                                                                 Paso-based
                                                           commercial bank.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
ConvertMedia              Taboola Inc                  Taboola Inc plans to
                                                                    acquire
                                                        ConvertMedia, a New
                                                                 York-based
                                                        advertising agency.
Legion Industries      The Legacy Cos                        The Legacy Cos
Inc                                                         acquired Legion
                                                          Industries Inc, a
                                                           Waynesboro-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             commercial and
                                                           service industry
                                                                 machinery.
Rocky Mountain      United HealthCare                     United HealthCare
Health Plans Inc         Services Inc                  Services Inc, a unit
                                                        of Savvysherpa LLC,
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                             Rocky Mountain
                                                        Health Plans Inc, a
                                                       Grand Junction-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          non-profit health
                                                        insurance services.
                                                         Savvysherpa LLC is
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                         UnitedHealth Group
                                                                       Inc.
Universal Turbine   Universal Turbine                     Universal Turbine
Parts LLC               Parts LLC SPV                      Parts LLC SPV, a
                                                            special purpose
                                                        acquisition vehicle
                                                              formed by ICV
                                                       Capital Partners and
                                                                Farol Asset
                                                             Management LP,
                                                         acquired Universal
                                                       Turbine Parts LLC, a
                                                           Prattville-based
                                                             transportation
                                                              equipment and
                                                          supplies merchant
                                                          wholesaler, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
MedicatedOne LLC    Vemanti Group Inc                     Vemanti Group Inc
                                                         signed a Letter of
                                                          Intent to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                        MedicatedOne LLC, a
                                                           California-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          cannabis products
                                                               derived from
                                                           industrial hemp.
Argolife SAS           Vllhealth Inc.                        Vllhealth Inc.
                                                          acquired Argolife
                                                        SAS, a manufacturer
                                                          of pharmaceutical
                                                               preparation.
                                                          Concurrrently, it
                                                              also acquired
                                                         Argonautes Tunisia
                                                                      SARL.
Argonautes Tunisia     Vllhealth Inc.                        Vllhealth Inc.
SARL                                                    acquired Argonautes
                                                            Tunisia SARL, a
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                               preparation.
                                                          Concurrrently, it
                                                              also acquired
                                                              Argolife SAS.
The Residence at             Waypoint                  Waypoint Residential
North Penn            Residential LLC                      LLC acquired The
                                                         Residence at North
                                                         Penn, an apartment
                                                        rental agency based
                                                          in Oklahoma City.
AIV Group LLC         World Insurance                       World Insurance
                       Associates LLC                        Associates LLC
                                                         acquired AIV Group
                                                          LLC, an insurance
                                                                    agency.
Standing Dog Inc         Wpromote Inc                          Wpromote Inc
                                                          acquired Standing
                                                                 Dog Inc, a
                                                               Dallas-based
                                                        advertising agency.
Abercrombie & Kent  Zhonghong Holding                  Zhonghong Holding Co
Group of Cos                   Co Ltd                    Ltd of China plans
                                                              to acquire an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                                interest in
                                                         Abercrombie & Kent
                                                              Group, an Oak
                                                         Brook-based travel
                                                           agency operator.


URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                                 April 29, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: Abbott, Peak Rock, Z Capital;
Abbott buys St. Jude; Peak Rock backs Diamond Crystal, Z Capital invests
Twin-Star

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3729  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
St. Jude Medical               Abbott         24,733.3  Abbott Laboratories
Inc                      Laboratories                   definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of St. Jude Medical
                                                               Inc, a Saint
                                                                 Paul-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       medical devices, for
                                                           $24.733 billion.
                                                             Abbott offered
                                                         $46.75 in cash per
                                                           share and 0.8708
                                                        common share valued
                                                        at $10.839 billion.
                                                          Based on Abbott's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                            of $43.83 on 27
                                                       April 2016, the last
                                                           full trading day
                                                               prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                            St. Jude common
                                                        share was valued at
                                                       $84.917. Originally,
                                                         Abbott was rumored
                                                          to be planning to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                       share capital of St.
                                                                      Jude.
Stemcentrx Inc             AbbVie Inc          9,800.0 AbbVie Inc plans to
                                                         acquire Stemcentrx
                                                           Inc, a South San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                        developer of cancer
                                                         drug products, for
                                                          an estimated $9.8
                                                               billion. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                       consist of around $2
                                                           billion in cash,
                                                            $3.8 billion in
                                                              AbbVie common
                                                       shares, and up to $4
                                                                 billion in
                                                             profit-related
                                                              payments. The
                                                          transaction would
                                                                include the
                                                                 late-stage
                                                             rovalpituzumab
                                                          tesirine (Rova-T)
                                                       asset of Stemcentrx.
Medivation Inc              Sanofi SA          8,919.9  Sanofi SA of France
                                                         plans to launch an
                                                       unsolicited offer to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          Medivation Inc, a
                                                        San Francisco-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                          preparations, for
                                                         $52.50 in cash per
                                                        share or a total of
                                                            $8.920 billion.
                                                         Originally, Sanofi
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                                Medivation.
DreamWorks         NBCUniversal Media          3,596.5   NBCUniversal Media
Animation SKG Inc                 LLC                   LLC, a wholly-owned
                                                           unit of Comcast,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                       DreamWorks Animation
                                                                 SKG Inc, a
                                                             Glendale-based
                                                       producer of computer
                                                         generated animated
                                                           films and also a
                                                        distributor of such
                                                         videos, for $41 in
                                                        cash per share or a
                                                            total of $3.596
                                                       billion. Originally,
                                                        Comcast was rumored
                                                          to be planning to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                                DreamWorks.
Rexam                 Ardagh Group SA          3,420.0   Ardagh Glass Group
PLC-Manufacturing                                          SA of Luxembourg
Sites(8)                                                  agreed to acquire
                                                        eight manufacturing
                                                        sites of Rexam PLC,
                                                             a London-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        packaging products.
                                                       Concurrently, Ardagh
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          Rexam's assets in
                                                       Europe & Brazil. The
                                                        three transactions,
                                                         which would have a
                                                          combined value of
                                                              $3.42 bil, is
                                                        contingent upon the
                                                         completion of Ball
                                                         Corp's acquisition
                                                              of Rexam PLC.
                                                              Originally in
                                                        February 2016, Ball
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Broomfield-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            metal cans, was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                          the sites, via an
                                                           auction. Ardagh,
                                                       Blackstone Group LP,
                                                              Apollo Global
                                                         Management LLC and
                                                           Madison Dearborn
                                                          Partners LLC were
                                                         named as potential
                                                         bidders back then.
ExamWorks Group       Leonard Green &          1,438.8      Leonard Green &
Inc                       Partners LP                  Partners LP, through
                                                             an undisclosed
                                                                 affiliate,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of ExamWorks Group
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        independent medical
                                                        examinations, peer,
                                                          and bill reviews,
                                                          and other related
                                                       services, for $35.05
                                                       in cash per share or
                                                          a total of $1.439
                                                       bil, via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Cash America               First Cash          1,000.9 First Cash Financial
International Inc  Financial Services                          Services Inc
                                  Inc                   definitively agreed
                                                         to merge with Cash
                                                                    America
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                           Fort Worth-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                        of pawnshops, via a
                                                                 stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                         at $1.001 billion.
                                                         First Cash offered
                                                         0.84 common shares
                                                           per Cash America
                                                            share. Based on
                                                        First Cashs closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                         $48.69 on 27 April
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement,
                                                          each Cash America
                                                        share was valued at
                                                                $40.9. Upon
                                                          completion, First
                                                              Cash and Cash
                                                       America shareholders
                                                          would own 58% and
                                                          42% of the merged
                                                                    entity,
                                                              respectively.
Verisk Analytics      Veritas Capital            820.0      Veritas Capital
Inc-Healthcare            Partners LP                           Partners LP
Services Business                                       definitively agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                        healthcare services
                                                         business of Verisk
                                                           Analytics Inc, a
                                                          Jersey City-based
                                                           provider of risk
                                                            assessment data
                                                           services, for an
                                                             estimated $820
                                                              million via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                           transaction. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                        consist of USDd 720
                                                        million in cash and
                                                            $100 million in
                                                          promissory notes.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                       October 2015, Verisk
                                                        was seeking a buyer
                                                         for its healthcare
                                                             data analytics
                                                                  business.
Textura Corp              Oracle Corp            701.9          Oracle Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Textura Corp, a
                                                            Deerfield-based
                                                               developer of
                                                               construction
                                                       software, for $26 in
                                                        cash per share or a
                                                          total of $701.882
                                                            mil, via tender
                                                                 offer. The
                                                             transaction is
                                                        conditional upon at
                                                            least 66.67% of
                                                           Textura's shares
                                                            being tendered.
Broadcom                      Cypress            550.0              Cypress
Ltd-Wireless       Semiconductor Corp                    Semiconductor Corp
Internet of Things                                      definitively agreed
Business                                                     to acquire the
                                                       Wireless Internet of
                                                         Things business of
                                                        Broadcom Ltd, a San
                                                                 Jose-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         semiconductors and
                                                       related devices, for
                                                            $550 million in
                                                                      cash.
Tribune Publishing     Gannett Co Inc            387.8 Gannett Co Inc plans
Co                                                             to launch an
                                                       unsolicited offer to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                         Tribune Publishing
                                                        Co, a Chicago-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        multiplatform media
                                                              and marketing
                                                        solutions services,
                                                         for $12.25 in cash
                                                       per share or a total
                                                           of $387.807 mil.
EnergySouth Inc     Laclede Group Inc            344.0    Laclede Group Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of EnergySouth Inc,
                                                             a Mobile-based
                                                        provider of natural
                                                           gas distribution
                                                             services, from
                                                         Sempra Energy Inc,
                                                           for an estimated
                                                          $344 million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                          consist of around
                                                       $277 million in cash
                                                         and the assumption
                                                       of up to $67 million
                                                            in liabilities.
Chemours Co-Sell           Lanxess AG            236.6        Lanxess AG of
Clean & Disinfect                                         Germany agreed to
Business                                                   acquire sell the
                                                                 cleaning &
                                                               disinfectant
                                                       business of Chemours
                                                                      Co, a
                                                           Wilmington-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         chemical products,
                                                               for $236.647
                                                                   million.
Cannery Casino       Boyd Gaming Corp            230.0     Boyd Gaming Corp
Resorts LLC-Las                                         definitively agreed
Vegas Assets                                             to acquire the Las
                                                            Vegas assets of
                                                             Cannery Casino
                                                         Resorts LLC, a Las
                                                          Vegas-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                         hotels and casinos
                                                              and a unit of
                                                          Millennium Gaming
                                                              Inc, for $230
                                                           million in cash.
                                                       Originally, Boyd was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                                   Cannery.
Pine State Trading  Core-Mark Holding            112.0 Core-Mark Holding Co
Co-Convenience                 Co Inc                      Inc definitively
Division                                                  agreed to acquire
                                                            the convenience
                                                           division of Pine
                                                        State Trading Co, a
                                                             Gardiner-based
                                                        alcoholic beverages
                                                       merchant wholesaler,
                                                           for an estimated
                                                            $112 million in
                                                                      cash.
ANXeBusiness Corp       OpenText Corp            100.0     OpenText Corp of
                                                        Canada definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                       ANXeBusiness Corp, a
                                                           Southfield-based
                                                                information
                                                         technology service
                                                         provider, from One
                                                       Equity Partners LLC,
                                                          for $100 million.
Baby Trend Inc                  Alpha             94.0    Alpha Animation &
                   Animation&Culture(                    Culture (HongKong)
                     Hong Kong)Co Ltd                   Co Ltd o, a unit of
                                                         Alpha Group, plans
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Baby Trend Inc,
                                                           an Ontario-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           toys, from Denny
                                                           Tsai (70.5%) and
                                                         Betty Tsai (29.5%)
                                                         for a total of $94
                                                                       mil.
Teradata                Marlin Equity             90.0        Marlin Equity
Corp-Marketing           Partners LLC                   Partners LLC agreed
Applications                                                 to acquire the
Business                                                          marketing
                                                               applications
                                                       business of Teradata
                                                       Corp, a Dayton-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             horizontal and
                                                        industry analytical
                                                               applications
                                                          services, for $90
                                                       million in cash, via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                             November 2015,
                                                         Teradata announced
                                                        that it was seeking
                                                            a buyer for its
                                                                  business.
Business Journals             UBM PLC             69.0    UBM PLC of the UK
inc                                                       acquired Business
                                                        Journals Inc, a New
                                                       York-based b2b media
                                                           company, for $69
                                                                   million.
Foundation Bancorp            Pacific             47.2  Pacific Continental
Inc,                Continental Corp,                  Corp (PCC) agreed to
Seattle,Washington      Eugene,Oregon                    acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                             Bellevue-based
                                                         Foundation Bancorp
                                                         Inc via in a stock
                                                                       swap
                                                         transaction,valued
                                                        at $47.198 million.
                                                       PCC offered a choice
                                                           of 0.7911 common
                                                           shares, $12.5 in
                                                        cash per share or a
                                                            combination for
                                                           every Foundation
                                                            share. Based on
                                                        PCC's closing stock
                                                         price of $16.32 on
                                                         25 April 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                          announcment, each
                                                       Foundation share was
                                                         valued at $12.911.
Regent Bancorp Inc          Stonegate             40.0       Stonegate Bank
                            Bank,Fort                   definitively agreed
                   Lauderdale,Florida                        to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of Regent Bancorp
                                                         Inc, a Davie-based
                                                               bank holding
                                                       company, via a stock
                                                           swap transaction
                                                           valued at around
                                                           $39.988 million.
                                                          Stonegate offered
                                                       0.2893 common shares
                                                          per Regent share.
                                                       Based on Stonegate's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                            of $31.17 on 25
                                                           April, 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                           Regent share was
                                                          valued at $9.017.
Hackbright Academy  Capella Education             18.0 Capella Education Co
                                   Co                  paid $18 million to
                                                         acquire Hackbright
                                                             Academy, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        non-degree software
                                                         engineering school
                                                                  services.
Lucky Bucks Inc               Quantum             16.5              Quantum
                        International                  International Income
                          Income Corp                        Corp of Canada
                                                       agreed to acquire an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                          interest in Lucky
                                                               Bucks Inc, a
                                                             Norcross-based
                                                        software publisher,
                                                         for $16.5 million.
Indiana Business     Lizton Financial             11.9     Lizton Financial
Bancorp                          Corp                     Corp definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                              Indiana-based
                                                           Indiana Business
                                                         Bancorp, for $7.25
                                                       in cash per share or
                                                         a total of $11.861
                                                                   million.
Prime Pacific                 Cascade              2.3      Cascade Bancorp
Financial Services Bancorp,Bend,Orego                   definitively agreed
Inc                                 n                        to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                           of Prime Pacific
                                                         Financial Services
                                                       Inc, a Lynwood-based
                                                               bank holding
                                                        company, in a stock
                                                           swap transaction
                                                       valued at $USD 2.276
                                                           million. Cascade
                                                             offered 0.3050
                                                          common shares per
                                                         Prime share. Based
                                                       on Cascade's closing
                                                       stock price of $5.87
                                                          on 25 April 2016,
                                                              the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement,
                                                       each Prime share was
                                                           valued at $1.79.
Memorial                     Memorial              0.8  Memorial Production
Production                 Production                    Partners LP agreed
Partners GP LLC           Partners LP                   to acquire Memorial
                                                        Production Partners
                                                         GP LLC, a producer
                                                         of crude petroleum
                                                       and natural gas, for
                                                           $0.75 million in
                                                         cash from Memorial
                                                       Resource Development
                                                           Corp, ultimately
                                                        owned by MRD Holdco
                                                                       LLC.
St. Jude Medical           Abbott Abs                  Abbott Abs plans to
Inc                                                        acquire St. Jude
                                                       Medical Inc, a Saint
                                                                 Paul-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                              navigational,
                                                                 measuring,
                                                         electromedical and
                                                       control Instruments.
Sweep Inc                  Affirm Inc                   Affirm Inc acquired
                                                           Sweep Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                               developer of
                                                           personal finance
                                                                 management
                                                         application. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Chevron            American Midstream                    American Midstream
Corp-Chevron Gulf         Partners LP                  Partners LP acquired
of Mexico Assets                                             an undisclosed
                                                         majority ownership
                                                       interest in the Gulf
                                                        of Mexico assets of
                                                        Chevron Corp, a San
                                                                Ramon-based
                                                         petroleum refinery
                                                                  operator.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                         American Midstream
                                                       acquired undisclosed
                                                          minority stake in
                                                       the assets and plans
                                                               to acquire a
                                                       minority stake in an
                                                       undisclosed offshore
                                                                natural gas
                                                        pipeline. The three
                                                        transactions have a
                                                       combined value of an
                                                           around $225 mil.
Pak Mail Centers     Annex Brands Inc                      Annex Brands Inc
of America Inc                                            acquired Pak Mail
                                                         Centers of America
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                           Centennial-based
                                                        provider of mailbox
                                                            service, parcel
                                                               shipping and
                                                                 receiving,
                                                                 insurance,
                                                         packaging, freight
                                                       forwarding and other
                                                         communications and
                                                       information products
                                                         and services, from
                                                       Pak Mail Acquisition
                                                       Corp. Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Arizona Counseling          Assurance                  Assurance HealthCare
& Treatment            HealthCare Inc                        Inc, a unit of
Services LLC                                            Sinfonia HealthCare
                                                             Corp, acquired
                                                         Arizona Counseling
                                                              and Treatment
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                         provider of mental
                                                               and physical
                                                       healthcare services.
Brush Hill             Baird & Warner                   Baird & Warner Real
Realtors Inc          Real Estate Inc                   Estate Inc acquired
                                                        Brush Hill Realtors
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                        Hinsdale-based real
                                                             estate agency.
Sitewise Corp        CIVC Partners LP                   CIVC Partners LP, a
                                                            unit of Bank of
                                                              America Corp,
                                                          acquired Sitewise
                                                       Corp, a Denver-based
                                                        provider of support
                                                       services for oil and
                                                        gas operations, via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Flyers ASAP Inc     Clash Graphics Co                     Clash Graphics Co
                                                       acquired Flyers ASAP
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                         printing services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Valley Campus       Diplomat Pharmacy                     Diplomat Pharmacy
Pharmacy Inc                      Inc                  Inc plans to acquire
                                                              Valley Campus
                                                        Pharmacy Inc, a Van
                                                        Nuys-based provider
                                                       of ambulatory health
                                                             care services.
MIGS LLC                   DNA2.0 Inc                  DNA2.0 Inc plans to
                                                        acquire MIGS LLC, a
                                                              Lebanon-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                               antibody and
                                                              antibody-like
                                                           molecules. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Global Resource         EDF Renewable                  EDF Renewable Energy
Options Inc                Energy Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                             Electricite de
                                                                France SA's
                                                          subsidiary of EDF
                                                         Energies Nouvelles
                                                              SA , plans to
                                                             acquire Global
                                                           Resource Options
                                                        Inc, doing business
                                                             as groSolar, a
                                                             Columbia-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                        wholesaler of large
                                                            commercial- and
                                                        utility-scale solar
                                                          photovoltaic (PV)
                                                                 solutions.
OnRamp Systems Inc   Elevate Services                  Elevate Services Inc
                                  Inc                       acquired OnRamp
                                                         Systems Inc, a law
                                                                      firm.
Rubber Fab Gasket    EnPro Industries                  EnPro Industries Inc
& Molding Inc                     Inc                   acquired Rubber Fab
                                                           Gasket & Molding
                                                        Inc, a Sparta-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          sanitary gaskets,
                                                        hoses and fittings.
Seattle Mariners         First Avenue                          First Avenue
                    Entertainment LLP                     Entertainment LLP
                                                        plans to acquire an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                        interest in Seattle
                                                                Mariners, a
                                                              Seattle-based
                                                               professional
                                                        baseball team, from
                                                        Nintendo of America
                                                            Inc, ultimately
                                                       owned by Nintendo Co
                                                        Ltd. Terms were not
                                                          disclosed and the
                                                       transaction requires
                                                       regulatory approval.
BioZone              Flavor Producers                  Flavor Producers Inc
Laboratories Inc                  Inc                      plans to acquire
                                                       BioZone Laboratories
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Pittsburg-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                          preparation, from
                                                         International Surf
                                                         Resorts Inc, owned
                                                                 by Biozone
                                                        Pharmaceuticals Inc
                                                            and MusclePharm
                                                       Corp. Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                       the deal is reported
                                                       to be valued at $9.8
                                                                   million.
Castleton Power         Fortistar LLC                  Fortistar LLC agreed
LLC                                                    to acquire Castleton
                                                               Power LLC, a
                                                            Castleton-based
                                                         gas-fired electric
                                                           power generation
                                                         facility operator,
                                                             from Castleton
                                                         Energy Center LLC,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                         Wayzata Investment
                                                              Partners LLC.
The Warnock Agency  General Indemnity                     General Indemnity
Inc                         Group LLC                  Group LLC, a unit of
                                                         Boston Omaha Corp,
                                                       acquired The Warnock
                                                             Agency Inc, an
                                                              Oakwood-based
                                                         provider of surety
                                                            bonds services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
growcameras.com              GreenGro                              GreenGro
                     Technologies Inc                      Technologies Inc
                                                                   acquired
                                                         growcameras.com, a
                                                               developer of
                                                         internet software.
Ripple Brand               Hershey Co                   Hershey Co acquired
Collective LLC                                                 Ripple Brand
                                                          Collective LLC, a
                                                              Congers-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          chocolate snacks.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
FPX LLC                      HGGC LLC                      HGGC LLC and the
                                                          management of FPX
                                                        acquired the entire
                                                       share capital of FPX
                                                        LLC, a Dallas-based
                                                        software publisher,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Carlson Hotels      HNA Tourism Group                  HNA Tourism Group Co
Holdings Inc                   Co Ltd                  Ltd of China, a unit
                                                       of HNA Group Co Ltd,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                             Carlson Hotels
                                                            Holdings Inc, a
                                                           Minnetonka-based
                                                         owner and operator
                                                                 of hotels.
                                                        Originally, Carlson
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                       the company in March
                                                          2016. AccorHotels
                                                         and HNA Group were
                                                                the rumored
                                                          potential bidders
                                                                 back then.
ADI Strategies       Huron Consulting                      Huron Consulting
Inc-US Assets               Group Inc                    Group Inc plans to
                                                             acquire the US
                                                              assets of ADI
                                                          Strategies Inc, a
                                                          Viman Nagar-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                performance
                                                           management, risk
                                                            management, and
                                                                   business
                                                               intelligence
                                                                 solutions.
Coastal North Town Inland Real Estate                    Inland Real Estate
Center               Income Trust Inc                      Income Trust Inc
                                                       acquired the Coastal
                                                       North Town Center in
                                                        North Myrtle Beach,
                                                             South Carolina
STR Mechanical Inc         Integrated                            Integrated
                           Electrical                   Electrical Services
                         Services Inc                   Inc acquired an 80%
                                                            interest in STR
                                                          Mechanical Inc, a
                                                            Charlotte-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         facilities support
                                                                  services.
HD Supply Interior           Interior                  Interior Specialists
Solutions             Specialists Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                       Littlejohn & Co LLC,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire HD Supply
                                                        Interior Solutions,
                                                           an Atlanta-based
                                                       provider of interior
                                                           design services,
                                                           from HDS Holding
                                                             Corp's unit HD
                                                                Supply Inc.
Chetrit Group          Investor Group                    An investor group,
LLC-Sony Tower                                                 comprised of
                                                       Duelguide PLC's unit
                                                        Chelsfield Partners
                                                         LLP and The Olayan
                                                           Group planned to
                                                           acquire the Sony
                                                        Building of Chetrit
                                                           Group LLC, a New
                                                                 York-based
                                                             nonresidential
                                                          property manager.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                             valued at $1.3
                                                                   billion.
Industrial Engine      Investor Group                    An investor group,
& Supply Inc                                           comprised of The PEP
                                                           Boys-Manny Moe &
                                                         Jack Inc (PEP) and
                                                          its unit IEH Auto
                                                           Parts LLC, doing
                                                           business as Auto
                                                             Plus, acquired
                                                        Industrial Engine &
                                                              Supply Inc, a
                                                           Pittsburgh-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                                 automotive
                                                         aftermarket parts.
Uoriki Fresh Inc          Itochu Corp                  Itochu Corp of Japan
                                                        agreed to raise its
                                                          stake from 25% to
                                                        51% by acquiring an
                                                       additional 26% stake
                                                       in Uoriki Fresh Inc,
                                                           a Secaucus-based
                                                               producer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          seafood products,
                                                        from Uoriki Co Ltd.
NeoStrata Co Inc    Johnson & Johnson                     Johnson & Johnson
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                        NeoStrata Co Inc, a
                                                            Princeton-based
                                                       provider of research
                                                            and development
                                                            services in the
                                                         cosmetic industry,
                                                        from TriStrata Inc.
Unified Solutions      Kem Krest Corp                  Kem Krest Corp plans
Inc-Assets &                                                 to acquire the
Inventory                                                assets & inventory
                                                       of Unified Solutions
                                                            Inc, a Pleasant
                                                              Prairie-based
                                                                provider of
                                                              packaging and
                                                         labeling services.
Curated Software      Litmus Software                   Litmus Software Inc
Inc                               Inc                      acquired Curated
                                                            Software Inc, a
                                                            Cambridge-based
                                                       developer of content
                                                       curation tool. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
MGA Consultants              National                   National Investment
Inc                        Investment                   ManagersInc, a unit
                         Managers Inc                         of Stonehenge
                                                              Partners Inc,
                                                        acquired the entire
                                                       share capital of MGA
                                                        Consultants Inc, an
                                                        Ellicott City-based
                                                           certified public
                                                       accountant's office.
First Niagara               Northwest                  Northwest Bancshares
Financial Group        Bancshares Inc                      Inc definitively
Inc-Branches(18)                                          agreed to acquire
                                                         the 18 branches of
                                                        Buffalo-based First
                                                          Niagara Financial
                                                                 Group Inc.
Diamond Crystal     Peak Rock Capital                     Peak Rock Capital
Brands Inc                        LLC                      LLC definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                            Diamond Crystal
                                                              Brands Inc, a
                                                             Savannah-based
                                                        producer of sauces,
                                                                  mixes and
                                                        nutritional snacks,
                                                          from Hormel Foods
                                                       Corp via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Kicksend Holdings    Pocket Games Inc                      Pocket Games Inc
Inc                                                     definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire Kicksend
                                                            Holdings Inc, a
                                                        Mountain View-based
                                                          developer of web,
                                                         mobile and desktop
                                                              applications.
SASCO Chemical      Polymer Solutions                     Polymer Solutions
Group Inc                       Group                      Group, a unit of
                                                            Arsenal Capital
                                                               Partners LP,
                                                             acquired Sasco
                                                        Chemical Group Inc,
                                                            an Albany-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         chemical products.
HealthSouth        Post Acute Medical                    Post Acute Medical
Rehabilitation                    LLC                    LLC, jointly owned
Hospital of                                             by Vibra Healthcare
Beaumont                                                      LLC, Lonestar
                                                         Healthcare LLC and
                                                              BA Healthcare
                                                        Holdings LLC, plans
                                                                 to acquire
                                                                HealthSouth
                                                             Rehabilitation
                                                                Hospital of
                                                                Beaumont, a
                                                       Beaumont-based owner
                                                          and operator of a
                                                             hospital, from
                                                          HealthSouth Corp.
                                                           Upon completion,
                                                       HealthSouth Beaumont
                                                         will be renamed as
                                                         PAM Rehabilitation
                                                                Hospital of
                                                                  Beaumont.
South St Paul      QualaWash Holdings                    QualaWash Holdings
Truck Wash &                      LLC                  LLC, a unit of Roark
Detail Center                                            Capital Management
                                                           LLC, acquired St
                                                          Paul Truck Wash &
                                                           Detail Center, a
                                                        South St Paul-based
                                                       truck wash operator.
Gemvara Inc        Richline Group Inc                   Richline Group Inc,
                                                        a unit of Berkshire
                                                              Hathaway Inc,
                                                           acquired Gemvara
                                                        Inc, a Boston-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                       retailer of jewelry.
Freefall                      Sacunas                      Sacunas acquired
                                                       Freefall, a provider
                                                               of marketing
                                                       consulting services.
Silvergate Media    Shamrock Partners                     Shamrock Partners
Ltd                               Ltd                         Ltd of the UK
                                                                acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                                interest in
                                                           Silvergate Media
                                                                 Ltd, a New
                                                           York-based media
                                                            representative.
BCG & Co-Assets            Sikich LLP                  Sikich LLP plans to
                                                         acquire the assets
                                                            of BCG & Co, an
                                                       Akron-based provider
                                                               of audit and
                                                            assurance, tax,
                                                             technology and
                                                          wealth management
                                                                  services.
Atmos Gathering Co  Southern Kentucky                     Southern Kentucky
LLC-Natural Gas            Energy LLC                     Energy LLC (SOKY)
Gathering &                                            acquired the natural
Transmission                                              gas gathering and
Pipelines                                                      transmission
                                                         pipelines of Atmos
                                                        Gathering Co LLC, a
                                                        Houston-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                                natural gas
                                                               transmission
                                                                 pipelines,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                         Atmos Energy Corp.
                                                         Concurrently, SOKY
                                                           acquired 100 gas
                                                         wells from Pioneer
                                                                Oil Co Inc.
Pioneer Oil Co      Southern Kentucky                     Southern Kentucky
Inc-Producing Gas          Energy LLC                     Energy LLC (SOKY)
Wells(100)                                                 acquired 100 gas
                                                       wells of Pioneer Oil
                                                                  Co Inc, a
                                                        Vincennes-based oil
                                                        and gas exploration
                                                             and produciton
                                                                   company.
                                                         Concurrently, SOKY
                                                       acquired the natural
                                                          gas gathering and
                                                               transmission
                                                         pipelines of Atmos
                                                          Gathering Co LLC.
ICC Mortgage              The Federal                   The Federal Savings
Services                      Savings                     Bank acquired ICC
                   Bank,Chicago,Illin                  Mortgage Services, a
                                  ois                        Westbury-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       residential mortgage
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Fehrman Tool & Die The Velocity Group                    The Velocity Group
Inc                                                        acquired Fehrman
                                                          Tool & Die Inc, a
                                                            Byesville-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                              metal forming
                                                             machine tools.
Bradford & Marzec     Tortoise Credit                       Tortoise Credit
LLC                    Strategies LLC                        Strategies LLC
                                                        acquired Bradford &
                                                          Marzec LLC, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                        investment advisor.
van der Hagen        universal beauty                      universal beauty
Enterprises Inc          products inc                          products inc
                                                           acquired van der
                                                          Hagen Enterprises
                                                             Inc, a Liberty
                                                                 Hill-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            beauty products
Advanced              Upland Software                   Upland Software Inc
Processing &                      Inc                     acquired Advanced
Imaging Inc                                            Processing & Imaging
                                                                Inc, a Boca
                                                       Raton-based software
                                                                 publisher.
Halderman Real     US Agriculture LLC                    US Agriculture LLC
Asset Management                                                merged with
LLC                                                    Halderman Real Asset
                                                         Management LLC, an
                                                         Indianapolis-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        investment advisory
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Farrell &               VeriClaim Inc                      VeriClaim Inc, a
Associates                                                 unit of Sedgwick
Insurance Claims                                          Claims Management
Services                                                      Services Inc,
Inc-Assets                                              acquired the assets
                                                               of Farrell &
                                                       Associates Insurance
                                                       Claims Services Inc,
                                                           a Portland-based
                                                         provider of claims
                                                             administration
                                                                services to
                                                        insurance carriers,
                                                           public entities,
                                                          defense attorneys
                                                           and self-insured
                                                                 companies.
BASF                    WR Grace & Co                  WR Grace & Co agreed
Corp-Polyolefin                                              to acquire the
Catalyst Business                                       Polyolefin Catalyst
                                                           business of BASF
                                                                   Corp, an
                                                               Iselin-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                              chemicals and
                                                       coatings, ultimately
                                                          owned by BASF SE.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Twin-Star          Z Capital Partners                    Z Capital Partners
International Inc                 LLC                      LLC, a unit of Z
                                                         Capital Group LLC,
                                                         acquired Twin-Star
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                         Delray Beach-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                upholstered
                                                       household furniture,
                                                               from Trivest
                                                          Partners LP via a
                                                           secondary buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                        Previously, Trivest
                                                                acquired an
                                                        undisclosed majoity
                                                          in Twin-Star in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Cayenne Medical         Zimmer Biomet                         Zimmer Biomet
Inc                      Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                         to acquire Cayenne
                                                             Medical Inc, a
                                                           Scottsdale-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                                provider of
                                                             reconstruction
                                                           solutions. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
US M&A Deals
Announced April 22
to 28, 2016
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               High Yield Report

                               November 22, 2010

Weekly Deal Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 23 No. 47

LENGTH: 4254  words


Target | Acquiror

Transaction Synopsis

The Anspach Effort Inc | Synthes GmbH

Synthes GmbH of Switzerland acquired The Anspach Effort Inc, a Palm Beach
Gardens-based manufacturer and wholesaler of surgical equipment. Terms were not
disclosed.

Business Technology Sys Inc | C&G Consulting

C&G Consulting, a wholly- owned unit of Chortek & Gottschalk LLP, acquired
Business Technology Systems Inc, an Appleton-based provider of information
technology consulting services. Terms were not disclosed.

Echota Beverage Group Inc-Home | DS Waters of America Inc

DS Waters of America Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Kelso & Co, acquired the home &
office bottled water delivery business of Echota Beverage Group Inc, a
Knoxville-based producer and wholesaler of beverages.

First Vietnamese American Bank | Grandpoint Bank,Los Angeles,CA

Grandpoint Bank, a wholly-owned unit of Grandpoint Capital Inc, acquired
Westminster-based First Vietnamese American Bank.

GRE Portfolio,California | Pacific Office Properties Tr

Pacific Office Properties Trust Inc agreed to acquire the GRE portfolio, located
in California, an owner and operator of office buildings, for an estimated
$305.9 million.

Marshall & Swift/Boeckh LLC | TPG Capital LP

TPG Capital LP definitively agreed to acquire Marshall & Swift/ Boeckh LLC, a
Los Angeles- based provider of information solution services, from MacDonald
Dettwiler & Associates Ltd, in a leveraged buyout transaction.

Midnight Express | Let The Good Times Roll Party

Let The Good Times Roll Party Bus, a unit of Eline Entertainment Group Inc,
merged with Midnight Express, a Miami-based provider of luxury transportation
services.

Miranda Gold-TAZ Project,NV | Navaho Gold Pty Ltd

Navaho Gold Pty Ltd of Australia, a unit of D'Aguilar Gold Ltd, signed a Letter
of Intent (Loi) to acquire a 75% interest in the TAZ Project, a Eureka County-
based gold mining project, from Miranda Gold Corp, for $13 million, in the
formation of a joint venture.

Rhombus Services Inc | TMSi Logistics

TMSi Logistics acquired Rhombus Services, a Bellmawr- based provider of digital
media services.

Townsend & Townsend & Crew | Kilpatrick Stockton LLP

Kilpatrick Stockton LLP planned to merge with Townsend & Townsend & Crew LLP, a
Palo Alto-based law firm. Upon completion, the merged entity was to be named
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP.

West Brother's Transportation | James Brown Contracting Inc

James Brown Contracting Inc, a unit of Navigation Capital Partners Inc, acquired
West Brother's Transportation Services Inc, a Durham-based provider of contract
transportation, warehousing, logistics and transportation equipment leasing
services.

Western Commercial Bank,CA | First California Bank,Westlake

First California Bank, a wholly-owned unit of First California Financial Group
Inc, acquired Woodland Hills- based bankrupt Western Commercial Bank, from WCB
Holdings Inc.

WMSG Inc-Cert Asts,Liabilities | Shutterfly Inc

Shutterfly Inc acquired certain assets & liabilities of WMSG Inc, a Dallas-based
provider of direct online marketing services, for $6 million in cash.

InTank LLC | A Hak Industrial Services BV

A. Hak Industrial Services BV of The Netherlands, a wholly-owned unit of A. Hak
Beheer BV, acquired InTank LLC, a Menomonee Falls-based manufacturer of tank and
pipeline inspection systems, from Berkeley Springs Instruments LLC.

Ashland Distribution Co | TPG Capital LP

TPG Capital LP definitively agreed to acquire Ashland Distribution Co (Ashland
Distribution), a Dublin-based wholesaler of chemicals and plastics, from Ashland
Inc (Ashland Inc), for $930 million, in a leveraged buyout transaction.
Originally, Ashland Inc announced that it was seeking a buyer for Ashland
Distribution.

Avid Radiopharmaceuticals Inc | Eli Lilly & Co

Eli Lilly & Co definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Avid
Radiopharmaceuticals Inc, a Philadelphia-based manufacturer of
radiopharmaceuticals, for an estimated $800 million. The consideration was to
consist of $300 million and up to $500 million in profit-related payments.

Biotel Inc | CardioNet Inc

CardioNet Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Biotel
Inc, an Eagan-based manufacturer and wholesaler of medical devices and
equipment, for 3.84 cash per share, or a total value of $10.995 million.

Bright Computing Inc | ING Corporate Investments

ING Corporate Investments of Belgium, a unit of ING Groep NV, acquired an
undisclosed minority stake in Bright Computing Inc, a San Jose- based developer
and wholesaler of cluster management software. Terms were not disclosed.

CBLPath, Inc. | Sonic Healthcare Ltd

Sonic Healthcare Ltd of Australia agreed to acquire CBLPath Inc, an Ocala-based
provider of sub-specialized anatomic pathology and molecular diagnostic
laboratory services, for $123.5 million in cash.

CarInsurance.com Inc | QuinStreet Inc

QuinStreet Inc acquired the entire share capital of CarInsurance.com Inc, a
Maitland-based provider of auto insurance services, for $49.655 million in cash.

Complete Vacuum & Rental Inc | Heckmann Corp

Heckmann Corp (Heckmann) definitively agreed to acquire Complete Vacuum & Rental
Inc, a Carthage-based provider of oilfield waste disposal services, for $66
million. The consideration was to consist of cash, the issuance of Heckmann
common shares, assumption of liabilities and profit-related payments.

Dahlgren & Co Inc | SunOpta Inc

SunOpta Inc of Canada signed a definitive agreement to acquire the entire share
capital of Dahlgren & Co Inc, a Crookston-based producer and wholesaler of
sunflower seeds, from National Sun Industries Inc, for $43. 868 million. The
consideration was to consist of $48.868 million in cash and undisclosed amount
of profit-related payments.

Enfora LP | Novatel Wireless Inc

Novatel Wireless Inc (Novatel) definitively agreed to acquire Enfora LP, a
Richardson-based developer and wholesaler of wireless communications software,
for $70.5 million. The consideration was to consist of $64.5 million in cash
plus $6 million in profit-related payments. Upon completion, Enfora was to
become a wholly- owned unit of Novatel.

Four Corners Power Plant Units | Arizona Public Service Co

Arizona Public Service Co, a unit of Pinnacle West Capital Corp, agreed to raise
its interest to 63% from 15%, by acquiring a further 48% stake, in units 4 and 5
of Four Corners Power Plant, an owner and operator of an electric power plant,
from Southern California Edison Co, a unit of Edison International Corp, for
$294 million.

Gateway ProClean Inc | Swisher Hygiene Inc

Swisher Hygiene Inc (Swisher) acquired Gateway ProClean Inc, a St. Charles-
based provider of maintenance services. Concurrently, Swisher acquired Total
Cost Systems Inc and SunState Chemical LLC.

Good Health Network Inc | Intl Merchant Advisors

International Merchant Advisors Inc agreed to acquire an undisclosed majority
interest in Good Health Network Inc, a Maitland-based provider of information
technology services.

Grand Hyatt Tampa Bay | Undisclosed Acquiror

Hyatt Hotels Corp divested its Grand Hyatt Tampa Bay, an owner and operator of a
hotel, to an undisclosed acquiror, for $58.5 million.

GreenLeaf Genetics LLC | Syngenta Seeds Inc

Syngenta Seeds Inc, a wholly owned unit of Syngenta AG acquired the remaining
50% interest, which it did not already own, in GreenLeaf Genetics LLC, an
Omaha-based provider of research and development services, from its joint
venture partner, Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc and a wholly owned unit of El
du Pont Nemours & Co. Terms were not disclosed.

Mountain Trace Nursing Center | AdCare Health Systems Inc

AdCare Health Systems Inc definitively agreed to acquire the Mountain Trace
Nursing Center, a Sylva-based owner and operator of nursing facilities, for $6.1
million.

Nine Two | Grupo Gallegos

Grupo Gallegos acquired Nine Two, a Lake Forest-based provider of advertising
and marketing services.

PHNS | The Conjoin Group

The Conjoin Group acquired Provider HealthNet Services Inc {PHNS}, a Dallas-
based provider of information technology services, for $250 million.

Quidsi Inc | Amazon.com Inc

Amazon.com Inc (Amazon) agreed to acquire the entire share of capital Quidsi Inc
(Quidsi), a Jersey City-based provider of ecommerce retail services, from Accel
Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners LP, BEV Capital LLC, MentorTech Ventures LLC
and New Enterprise Associates, for $545 million. The consideration was to
consist of $500 million in cash and the assumption of $45 million in
liabilities. The transaction was to include Diapers.com, Soap.com and
BeautyBar.com. Originally, in November 2010, Amazon was rumored to be planning
to acquire Quidsi.

Private Sale LLC | HauteLook Inc

HauteLook Inc acquired Private Sale LLC, a Chicago- based provider of travel and
booking services.

Security Networks LLC | Investor Group

A management-led investor group, including CEO & President Richard W. Perry and
Oak Hill Capital Partners LP, acquired Security Networks LLC, a West Palm
Beach-based provider of security system services, in a leveraged buyout
transaction. Terms was not disclosed.

Springfield Brake Co-Assets | FleetPride Inc

FleetPride Inc acquired the assets of Springfield Brake Co, a Springfield-based
wholesaler of truck parts and supplies.

Texsan Heart Hospital | Methodist Healthcare System

Methodist Healthcare System of San Antonio definitively agreed to acquire Texsan
Heart Hospital, an owner and operator of a hospital, from MedCath Corp.

Swiger Coil Systems LLC | Westinghouse Air Brake Tech

Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp acquired Swiger Coil Systems LLC, a
Cleveland-based manufacturer and wholesaler of electric coils and traction
motors.

SunState Chemical LLC | Swisher Hygiene Inc

Swisher Hygiene Inc (Swisher) acquired SunState Chemical LLC, a St.
Petersburg-based provider of maintenance services. Concurrently, Swisher
acquired Gateway ProClean Inc and Total Cost Systems Inc.

Total Cost Systems Inc | Swisher Hygiene Inc

Swisher Hygiene Inc (Swisher) acquired Total Cost Systems Inc, a St. Petersburg-
based provider of maintenance services. Concurrently, Swisher acquired Gateway
ProClean Inc and SunState Chemical LLC.

Metallurgical Coal Ppty,WV | Xinergy Ltd

Xinergy Ltd signed a Letter of Intent (LoI) to acquire an undisclosed
metallurgical coal property, a coal mining property, for $5 million.

TracRac Inc | Thule Holding AB

Thule Holding AB acquired the assets of TracRac Inc, a Fall River- based
manufacturer of cargo management system.

AmpliTech Inc | Mind Technologies Inc

Mind Technologies Inc agreed to acquire the entire share capital of AmpliTech
Inc, a Holbrook-based manufacturer and wholesaler of communications equipment.
Terms were not disclosed.

Atlas Energy Inc | Chevron Corp

Chevron Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Atlas Energy Inc
(Atlas Energy), a Moon Township-based oil and gas exploration and production
company, for $4.136 billion. The consideration was to consist of $38.25 in cash
per share, or a total value of $3.036 billion, and the assumption of an
estimated $1.1 billion in liabilities. Concurrently, Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP
agreed to acquire the upstream oil and gas assets of Atlas Energy, and Atlas
Energy agreed to acquire a 49% interest in Laurel Mountain Midstream LLC. The
three transactions were conditioned upon the completion of each deal.

Atlas Energy Inc-Upstream Asts | Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP

Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP (Atlas Pipeline), a 64%- owned unit of Atlas Energy
Inc (Atlas Energy), agreed to acquire the upstream oil and gas assets of Atlas
Energy Inc, a Moon Township-based oil and gas exploration and production
company. The transaction was to include Atlas Energy's interest in the
investment management business, oil and gas reserves, 100% interest in Atlas
Pipeline Holdings GP LLC, and Atlas Energy's GP and LP interest in Lightfoot
Capital Partners GP LLC. Concurrently, Chevron Corp agreed to acquire the entire
share capital of Atlas Energy, and Atlas Energy agreed to acquire a 49% interest
in Laurel Mountain Midstream LLC. The three transactions were conditioned upon
the completion of each deal.

Atlas Material Testing Tech | AMETEK Inc

Ametek Inc acquired Atlas Material Testing Technology LLC, a Chicago- based
manufacturer of weathering instruments, from Industrial Growth Partners, for an
estimated $159 million in cash.

BakBone Software Inc | Quest Software Inc

Quest Software Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
BakBone Software Inc (BakBone), a San Diego- based developer of backup and
recovery software, for $0. 33 per BakBone share, or a total value of $26.576
million.

Duzall Inc | B Green Innovations Inc

B Green Innovations Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Duzall Inc, a
manufacturer and wholesaler of machine crushers.

Global Protocols Inc | Riverbed Technology Inc

Riverbed Technology Inc acquired Global Protocols Inc, a Greenbelt-based
provider of protocol engineering services.

Griffin Industries Inc | DG Acquisition Corp

DG Acquisition Corp, a wholly-owned unit of Darling International Inc (Darling),
definitively agreed to merge with Griffin Industries Inc, a Cold Spring-based
producer of animal feeds, for $840 million. The consideration was to consist of
$740 million in cash and the issuance of 9. 998 million Darling common shares
valued at $102.98 million. The shares were valued based on Darling's closing
stock price of $10.3 on 8 November 2010, the last full trading prior day prior
to the announcement.

Laurel Mountain Midstream | Atlas Energy Inc

Atlas Energy Inc (Atlas Energy) definitively agreed to acquire a 49% stake in
Laurel Mountain Midstream LLC, a provider of natural gas transmission services,
and a joint venture between Atlas Pipeline Partners LP (Atlas Pipeline) and The
Williams Cos Inc, from Atlas Pipeline, for an estimated $403 million in cash.
Concurrently, Chevron Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Atlas
Energy, and Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP agreed to acquire the upstream oil and
gas assets of Atlas Energy. The three transactions were conditioned upon the
completion of each deal.

Aclor Inc | SGD Holdings Ltd

SGD Holdings Ltd signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Aclor Inc, a
Lawrenceville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of paper products. Terms are not
disclosed.

Malibu Beach Recovery Center | Investor Group

An investor group, comprised of Russell Armstrong and Taylor Armstrong, acquired
an undisclosed minority stake in Malibu Beach Recovery Center, a provider of
residential drug and alcohol treatment services.

Northbrook Energy LLC | Drift Lake Resources Inc

Drift Lake Resources Inc (Drift) of Canada, via a wholly-owned subsidiary,
signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to merge with Northbrook Energy LLC, a
Plano-based oil and gas exploration and production company, in exchange for 34
million new Drift common shares valued at CAD 13.6 million ($13.477 mil), via a
scheme of arrangement, in a reverse takeover transaction. The shares were valued
based on Drift's closing stock price of CAD 0.4 ($0.396) on 04 Nov 2010, the
last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Organ Transport Systems Inc | Yaterra Ventures Corp

Yaterra Ventures Corp signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to merge with Organ
Transport Systems Inc, a Frisco-based biotechnology company and a wholly-owned
unit of Healthcare of Today Inc (Healthcare). Upon completion, Healthcare was to
own 60% of the combined entity.

PLC Systems-TMR Assets | Novadaq Technologies Inc

Novadaq Technologies Inc of Canada definitively agreed to acquire the
Transmyocardial Revascularization assets of PLC Systems Inc, a Franklin- based
manufacturer and wholesaler of medical technology equipment, for $1.7 million.
The consideration was to consist of $1 million in cash and the assumption of
$0.7 million in liabilities.

PrecisionCraft Log Homes | PFB Corp

PFB Corp of Canada signed a Letter of Intent to acquire PrecisionCraft Log Homes
& Timber Homes, a Meridian-based manufacturer of timber frames and log
structures, for an undisclosed amount of cash and profit-related payments.

Rutland Tool & Supply Co | MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc

MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc definitively agreed to acquire Rutland Tool &
Supply Co, a Whittier-based wholesaler and retailer of industrial and cutting
tools, from Lawson Products Inc, for an estimated $11 million in cash.

Sara Lee Corp-North American | BBU Inc

BBU Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Grupo Bimbo SAD de CV, agreed to acquire the
North American fresh bakery business (bakery business) of Sara Lee Corp (Sara
Lee), a Chicago-based producer and wholesaler of meat and baked goods, for $959
million. The consideration was to consist of $925 million in cash and the
assumption of $34 million in liabilities. Originally, On July 2010, Sara Lee was
rumored to be seeking a buyer for its bakery business. Grupo Bimbo, Hostess
Brands Inc and Pepperidge Farm, a unit of Campbell Soup Co, and an investor
group comprised of Henry Kravis and KKR & Co LP were named as potential bidders.

Sports Radio Interviews | SB Nation

SB Nation Acquired Sports Radio Interviews, a provider of online sports news
services, from Sports Media Booking.

Tyco Intl Ltd-Electrical Prod | Clayton Dubilier & Rice LLC

Clayton Dubilier & Rice LLC agreed to acquire a 51% interest in the Electrical
and Metal Products business of Tyco International Ltd, a Pembroke-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of security products, for an estimated $720 million
in cash, in a leveraged buyout transaction. Upon completion, the business will
be renamed Atkore International.

World Class Wines LLC | Southern Wine & Spirits

Southern Wine & Spirits of America Inc planned to acquire World Class Wines LLC,
an Eden Prairie-based wholesaler of wines.

Asphalt Transport Inc | Cokendolpher & Culpepper Ltd

Cokendolpher & Culpepper Ltd merged with Asphalt Transport Inc, a Channelview-
based provider of asphalt and petrochemical products delivery services.

BancTrust Financial Group Inc | YA Global Master SPV Ltd

YA Global Master SPV Ltd agreed to acquire an undisclosed minority stake of
BancTrust Financial Group Inc, a Mobile-based bank holding company, for an
estimated $15 million, in a privately negotiated transaction.

Baseline Oil & Gas-Certain Oil | Layline Petroleum LLC

Layline Petroleum LLC acquired certain assets of Baseline Oil & Gas Corp, a
Houston-based oil and gas exploration and production company.

Bus-Tech Inc | EMC Corp

EMC Corp acquired Bus- Tech Inc, a Bedford-based manufacturer of system storage
and networking devices.

ConnectIT Networks Inc | MicroHoldings US Inc

MicroHoldings US Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire ConnectIT
Networks Inc, a Vancouver- based provider of information technology services.

Convergent | Avtex Solutions LLC

Avtex Solutions LLC, a unit of Starquest Securities LLC, acquired Convergent, an
Apple Valley-based provider of technology solutions services.

Datawise Inc | Measured Progress Inc

Measured Progress Inc acquired Datawise Inc, a Redding-based provider of
educational assessment and development services.

Gateway Overlook Shopping,MD | Undisclosed Acquiror

General Growth Properties Inc agreed to divest its Gateway Overlook Shopping
Center unit, a Columbia-based owner and operator of shopping center to an
undisclosed acquiror, for $90.05 million.

Homewood Suites by Hilton | Chesapeake Lodging Trust

Chesapeake Lodging Trust definitively agreed to acquire Homewood Suites by
Hilton Seattle-Convention Center, an owner and operator of a hotel, for $53
million.

I-Behavior Inc | WPP PLC

WPP PLC of London, through KBP Group, acquired I- Behavior Inc, a Louisville-
based provider of internet marketing services.

Alaris Trading Partners LLC | I.A. Englander & Co Inc

I.A. Englander & Co Inc to acquire Alaris Trading Partners LLC, a Del Mar-based
provider of brokerage services.

MECS Inc | DuPont

El du Pont de Nemours & Co {DuPont} definitively agreed to acquire MECS Inc, a
St. Louis-based provider of construction and design services, from American
Securities LLC. Terms were not disclosed.

The Glens at Mill Creek | Trade Street Capital LLC

Trade Street Capital LLC acquired The Glens at Mill Creek, a Buford-based owner
and operator of apartment buildings.

Interchange Technologies Inc | ePlus Technology Inc

ePlus Technology Inc, a wholly-owned unit of ePlus Inc, acquired Interchange
Technologies Inc, a St. Louis- based provider of information technology
services. Terms were not disclosed.

100 First Plaza,San Francisco | Kilroy Realty Corp

Kilroy Realty Corp acquired 100 First Plaza, San Francisco, California, an owner
and operator of an office building, for an estimated $191.5 million.

TW Phillips Gas & Oil Co | SteelRiver Infrastructure Fund

SteelRiver Infrastructure Fund North America LP, a majority-owned unit of the
John Hancock Life Insurance Co subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corp's
majority-owned John Hancock Financial Services Inc unit, agreed to acquire TW
Phillips Gas & Oil Co, Butler-based gas utility company. Terms were not
disclosed.

SAGE Electrochromics Inc | Cie de Saint-Gobain SA

Cie de Saint-Gobain SA of France acquired a 50% interest in SAGE Electrochromics
Inc, a Faribault-based manufacturer and wholesaler, for $80 million.

Tejas Video Partners Ltd | Global Axcess Corp

Global Axcess Corp definitively agreed to acquire Tejas Video Partners Ltd, a
San Antonio-based owner and operator of DVD rental kiosks. Terms were not
disclosed.

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp | Eses Holdings Ltd

Eses Holdings Ltd of United Arab Emirates definitively agreed to acquire a
76.119% interest, or 40 million common shares, in Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp, a
Del Mar-based biopharmaceutical company, for $0.25 per share, or a total value
of $10 million.

Aires Pharmaceuticals Inc | Novartis Intl Pharm Ltd

Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd of Bermuda, a unit of Novartis AG, was
granted an option to acquire Aires Pharmaceuticals Inc, a San Diego-based
manufacturer of pharmaceuticals, for an estimated $250 million including an
undisclosed amount in profit-related payments.

Arbinet Corp | Primus Telecom Group Inc

Primus Telecommunications Group Inc (Primus) definitively agreed to acquire the
entire share capital of Arbinet Corp, a Herndon-based provider of
telecommunications services, for an estimated $28 million in Primus common
shares. Concurrently, in November 2010, Primus announced that it was seeking a
buyer for its non-core European assets.

Caprius Inc | Vintage Capital Group LLC

Vintage Capital Group LLC definitively agreed to acquire the remaining 60%
interest, or 3.259 million common shares, in Caprius Inc, a Paramus-based
manufacturer of waste processing equipment, for $0.065 per share, or a total
value of $0.212 million.

Citigroup Inc-Multifamily | OneWest Bank FSB

OneWest Bank FSB acquired the multifamily and commercial real estate loans
portfolio of Citigroup Inc, a New York-based provider financial services such as
insurance, investment and mortgage banking, securities brokerage, investment
management and consumer and business credit services, and a bank holding
company, for $98 million.

Global Aerosystems LLC | Kaman Corp

Kaman Corp agreed to acquire Global Aerosystems LLC, an Everett-based provider
of aerostructure engineering design and analysis services. Terms were not
disclosed.

Jefferies & Co Inc-Clearing | Pershing LLC

Pershing LLC, a unit of Bank of New York Mellon Corp, definitively agreed to
acquire the correspondent broker-dealer clearing business of Jefferies & Co Inc,
a New York-based securities brokerage firm, from Jefferies Group Inc. Terms were
not disclosed.

Optelecom-NKF Inc | TKH Group NV

TKH Group NV of the Netherlands definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of Optelecom- NKF Inc, a Germantown-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
video surveillance products, for $2.45 in cash per share, or a total value of
$9.071 million.

PartnerAlliances LLC | Amazon Consulting LLC

Amazon Consulting LLC acquired PartnerAlliances LLC, a Mountain View-based
provider of information technology services.

Thomas & Betts Corp-Commun | Belden Inc

Belden Inc definitively agreed to acquire the communications products business
of Thomas & Betts Corp, a Memphis-based manufacturer of electrical components,
for $78 million.

Vertical Hydrogarden Inc | GreenGro Technologies Inc

GreenGro Technologies Inc planned to acquire Vertical Hydrogarden Inc, a
Roseville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of gardening equipment. Terms were
not disclosed.

Zenith Hospitalists LLP | IPC The Hospitalist Co Inc

IPC The Hospitalist Co Inc acquired Zenith Hospitalists LLP, a Las Vegas- based
provider of physician practice services. Terms were not disclosed.

INVISTA Inc-PET Polymer & | Indorama Ventures PCL

Indorama Ventures PCL of Thailand definitively agreed to acquire the PET polymer
and resins manufacturing facilities, located in Spartanburg, South Carolina, and
Queretaro, Mexico, of INVISTA Inc, a Wichita, Kansas, manufactures fibers and
polymers, and a unit of Koch Industries Inc, for $420 million.

Sophis Inc | Misys PLC

Misys PLC (Misys) of the UK definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of Sophis Inc (Sophis) , a New York-based provider of portfolio and
risk- management software, from Advent International Corp (Advent) and other
undisclosed shareholders, for $601.176 million. The consideration was to consist
of $364.804 million in cash, $8.198 million in Misys ordinary shares, the
assumption of $221.342 million in liabilities, and up to $6.832 million in
profit-related payments. Originally, in June 2010, Advent was rumoured to be
seeking a buyer for its Sophis unit.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: HYR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                               November 22, 2010

Weekly Deal Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 23 No. 47

LENGTH: 4254  words


Target | Acquiror

Transaction Synopsis

The Anspach Effort Inc | Synthes GmbH

Synthes GmbH of Switzerland acquired The Anspach Effort Inc, a Palm Beach
Gardens-based manufacturer and wholesaler of surgical equipment. Terms were not
disclosed.

Business Technology Sys Inc | C&G Consulting

C&G Consulting, a wholly- owned unit of Chortek & Gottschalk LLP, acquired
Business Technology Systems Inc, an Appleton-based provider of information
technology consulting services. Terms were not disclosed.

Echota Beverage Group Inc-Home | DS Waters of America Inc

DS Waters of America Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Kelso & Co, acquired the home &
office bottled water delivery business of Echota Beverage Group Inc, a
Knoxville-based producer and wholesaler of beverages.

First Vietnamese American Bank | Grandpoint Bank,Los Angeles,CA

Grandpoint Bank, a wholly-owned unit of Grandpoint Capital Inc, acquired
Westminster-based First Vietnamese American Bank.

GRE Portfolio,California | Pacific Office Properties Tr

Pacific Office Properties Trust Inc agreed to acquire the GRE portfolio, located
in California, an owner and operator of office buildings, for an estimated
$305.9 million.

Marshall & Swift/Boeckh LLC | TPG Capital LP

TPG Capital LP definitively agreed to acquire Marshall & Swift/ Boeckh LLC, a
Los Angeles- based provider of information solution services, from MacDonald
Dettwiler & Associates Ltd, in a leveraged buyout transaction.

Midnight Express | Let The Good Times Roll Party

Let The Good Times Roll Party Bus, a unit of Eline Entertainment Group Inc,
merged with Midnight Express, a Miami-based provider of luxury transportation
services.

Miranda Gold-TAZ Project,NV | Navaho Gold Pty Ltd

Navaho Gold Pty Ltd of Australia, a unit of D'Aguilar Gold Ltd, signed a Letter
of Intent (Loi) to acquire a 75% interest in the TAZ Project, a Eureka County-
based gold mining project, from Miranda Gold Corp, for $13 million, in the
formation of a joint venture.

Rhombus Services Inc | TMSi Logistics

TMSi Logistics acquired Rhombus Services, a Bellmawr- based provider of digital
media services.

Townsend & Townsend & Crew | Kilpatrick Stockton LLP

Kilpatrick Stockton LLP planned to merge with Townsend & Townsend & Crew LLP, a
Palo Alto-based law firm. Upon completion, the merged entity was to be named
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP.

West Brother's Transportation | James Brown Contracting Inc

James Brown Contracting Inc, a unit of Navigation Capital Partners Inc, acquired
West Brother's Transportation Services Inc, a Durham-based provider of contract
transportation, warehousing, logistics and transportation equipment leasing
services.

Western Commercial Bank,CA | First California Bank,Westlake

First California Bank, a wholly-owned unit of First California Financial Group
Inc, acquired Woodland Hills- based bankrupt Western Commercial Bank, from WCB
Holdings Inc.

WMSG Inc-Cert Asts,Liabilities | Shutterfly Inc

Shutterfly Inc acquired certain assets & liabilities of WMSG Inc, a Dallas-based
provider of direct online marketing services, for $6 million in cash.

InTank LLC | A Hak Industrial Services BV

A. Hak Industrial Services BV of The Netherlands, a wholly-owned unit of A. Hak
Beheer BV, acquired InTank LLC, a Menomonee Falls-based manufacturer of tank and
pipeline inspection systems, from Berkeley Springs Instruments LLC.

Ashland Distribution Co | TPG Capital LP

TPG Capital LP definitively agreed to acquire Ashland Distribution Co (Ashland
Distribution), a Dublin-based wholesaler of chemicals and plastics, from Ashland
Inc (Ashland Inc), for $930 million, in a leveraged buyout transaction.
Originally, Ashland Inc announced that it was seeking a buyer for Ashland
Distribution.

Avid Radiopharmaceuticals Inc | Eli Lilly & Co

Eli Lilly & Co definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Avid
Radiopharmaceuticals Inc, a Philadelphia-based manufacturer of
radiopharmaceuticals, for an estimated $800 million. The consideration was to
consist of $300 million and up to $500 million in profit-related payments.

Biotel Inc | CardioNet Inc

CardioNet Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Biotel
Inc, an Eagan-based manufacturer and wholesaler of medical devices and
equipment, for 3.84 cash per share, or a total value of $10.995 million.

Bright Computing Inc | ING Corporate Investments

ING Corporate Investments of Belgium, a unit of ING Groep NV, acquired an
undisclosed minority stake in Bright Computing Inc, a San Jose- based developer
and wholesaler of cluster management software. Terms were not disclosed.

CBLPath, Inc. | Sonic Healthcare Ltd

Sonic Healthcare Ltd of Australia agreed to acquire CBLPath Inc, an Ocala-based
provider of sub-specialized anatomic pathology and molecular diagnostic
laboratory services, for $123.5 million in cash.

CarInsurance.com Inc | QuinStreet Inc

QuinStreet Inc acquired the entire share capital of CarInsurance.com Inc, a
Maitland-based provider of auto insurance services, for $49.655 million in cash.

Complete Vacuum & Rental Inc | Heckmann Corp

Heckmann Corp (Heckmann) definitively agreed to acquire Complete Vacuum & Rental
Inc, a Carthage-based provider of oilfield waste disposal services, for $66
million. The consideration was to consist of cash, the issuance of Heckmann
common shares, assumption of liabilities and profit-related payments.

Dahlgren & Co Inc | SunOpta Inc

SunOpta Inc of Canada signed a definitive agreement to acquire the entire share
capital of Dahlgren & Co Inc, a Crookston-based producer and wholesaler of
sunflower seeds, from National Sun Industries Inc, for $43. 868 million. The
consideration was to consist of $48.868 million in cash and undisclosed amount
of profit-related payments.

Enfora LP | Novatel Wireless Inc

Novatel Wireless Inc (Novatel) definitively agreed to acquire Enfora LP, a
Richardson-based developer and wholesaler of wireless communications software,
for $70.5 million. The consideration was to consist of $64.5 million in cash
plus $6 million in profit-related payments. Upon completion, Enfora was to
become a wholly- owned unit of Novatel.

Four Corners Power Plant Units | Arizona Public Service Co

Arizona Public Service Co, a unit of Pinnacle West Capital Corp, agreed to raise
its interest to 63% from 15%, by acquiring a further 48% stake, in units 4 and 5
of Four Corners Power Plant, an owner and operator of an electric power plant,
from Southern California Edison Co, a unit of Edison International Corp, for
$294 million.

Gateway ProClean Inc | Swisher Hygiene Inc

Swisher Hygiene Inc (Swisher) acquired Gateway ProClean Inc, a St. Charles-
based provider of maintenance services. Concurrently, Swisher acquired Total
Cost Systems Inc and SunState Chemical LLC.

Good Health Network Inc | Intl Merchant Advisors

International Merchant Advisors Inc agreed to acquire an undisclosed majority
interest in Good Health Network Inc, a Maitland-based provider of information
technology services.

Grand Hyatt Tampa Bay | Undisclosed Acquiror

Hyatt Hotels Corp divested its Grand Hyatt Tampa Bay, an owner and operator of a
hotel, to an undisclosed acquiror, for $58.5 million.

GreenLeaf Genetics LLC | Syngenta Seeds Inc

Syngenta Seeds Inc, a wholly owned unit of Syngenta AG acquired the remaining
50% interest, which it did not already own, in GreenLeaf Genetics LLC, an
Omaha-based provider of research and development services, from its joint
venture partner, Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc and a wholly owned unit of El
du Pont Nemours & Co. Terms were not disclosed.

Mountain Trace Nursing Center | AdCare Health Systems Inc

AdCare Health Systems Inc definitively agreed to acquire the Mountain Trace
Nursing Center, a Sylva-based owner and operator of nursing facilities, for $6.1
million.

Nine Two | Grupo Gallegos

Grupo Gallegos acquired Nine Two, a Lake Forest-based provider of advertising
and marketing services.

PHNS | The Conjoin Group

The Conjoin Group acquired Provider HealthNet Services Inc {PHNS}, a Dallas-
based provider of information technology services, for $250 million.

Quidsi Inc | Amazon.com Inc

Amazon.com Inc (Amazon) agreed to acquire the entire share of capital Quidsi Inc
(Quidsi), a Jersey City-based provider of ecommerce retail services, from Accel
Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners LP, BEV Capital LLC, MentorTech Ventures LLC
and New Enterprise Associates, for $545 million. The consideration was to
consist of $500 million in cash and the assumption of $45 million in
liabilities. The transaction was to include Diapers.com, Soap.com and
BeautyBar.com. Originally, in November 2010, Amazon was rumored to be planning
to acquire Quidsi.

Private Sale LLC | HauteLook Inc

HauteLook Inc acquired Private Sale LLC, a Chicago- based provider of travel and
booking services.

Security Networks LLC | Investor Group

A management-led investor group, including CEO & President Richard W. Perry and
Oak Hill Capital Partners LP, acquired Security Networks LLC, a West Palm
Beach-based provider of security system services, in a leveraged buyout
transaction. Terms was not disclosed.

Springfield Brake Co-Assets | FleetPride Inc

FleetPride Inc acquired the assets of Springfield Brake Co, a Springfield-based
wholesaler of truck parts and supplies.

Texsan Heart Hospital | Methodist Healthcare System

Methodist Healthcare System of San Antonio definitively agreed to acquire Texsan
Heart Hospital, an owner and operator of a hospital, from MedCath Corp.

Swiger Coil Systems LLC | Westinghouse Air Brake Tech

Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp acquired Swiger Coil Systems LLC, a
Cleveland-based manufacturer and wholesaler of electric coils and traction
motors.

SunState Chemical LLC | Swisher Hygiene Inc

Swisher Hygiene Inc (Swisher) acquired SunState Chemical LLC, a St.
Petersburg-based provider of maintenance services. Concurrently, Swisher
acquired Gateway ProClean Inc and Total Cost Systems Inc.

Total Cost Systems Inc | Swisher Hygiene Inc

Swisher Hygiene Inc (Swisher) acquired Total Cost Systems Inc, a St. Petersburg-
based provider of maintenance services. Concurrently, Swisher acquired Gateway
ProClean Inc and SunState Chemical LLC.

Metallurgical Coal Ppty,WV | Xinergy Ltd

Xinergy Ltd signed a Letter of Intent (LoI) to acquire an undisclosed
metallurgical coal property, a coal mining property, for $5 million.

TracRac Inc | Thule Holding AB

Thule Holding AB acquired the assets of TracRac Inc, a Fall River- based
manufacturer of cargo management system.

AmpliTech Inc | Mind Technologies Inc

Mind Technologies Inc agreed to acquire the entire share capital of AmpliTech
Inc, a Holbrook-based manufacturer and wholesaler of communications equipment.
Terms were not disclosed.

Atlas Energy Inc | Chevron Corp

Chevron Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Atlas Energy Inc
(Atlas Energy), a Moon Township-based oil and gas exploration and production
company, for $4.136 billion. The consideration was to consist of $38.25 in cash
per share, or a total value of $3.036 billion, and the assumption of an
estimated $1.1 billion in liabilities. Concurrently, Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP
agreed to acquire the upstream oil and gas assets of Atlas Energy, and Atlas
Energy agreed to acquire a 49% interest in Laurel Mountain Midstream LLC. The
three transactions were conditioned upon the completion of each deal.

Atlas Energy Inc-Upstream Asts | Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP

Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP (Atlas Pipeline), a 64%- owned unit of Atlas Energy
Inc (Atlas Energy), agreed to acquire the upstream oil and gas assets of Atlas
Energy Inc, a Moon Township-based oil and gas exploration and production
company. The transaction was to include Atlas Energy's interest in the
investment management business, oil and gas reserves, 100% interest in Atlas
Pipeline Holdings GP LLC, and Atlas Energy's GP and LP interest in Lightfoot
Capital Partners GP LLC. Concurrently, Chevron Corp agreed to acquire the entire
share capital of Atlas Energy, and Atlas Energy agreed to acquire a 49% interest
in Laurel Mountain Midstream LLC. The three transactions were conditioned upon
the completion of each deal.

Atlas Material Testing Tech | AMETEK Inc

Ametek Inc acquired Atlas Material Testing Technology LLC, a Chicago- based
manufacturer of weathering instruments, from Industrial Growth Partners, for an
estimated $159 million in cash.

BakBone Software Inc | Quest Software Inc

Quest Software Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
BakBone Software Inc (BakBone), a San Diego- based developer of backup and
recovery software, for $0. 33 per BakBone share, or a total value of $26.576
million.

Duzall Inc | B Green Innovations Inc

B Green Innovations Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Duzall Inc, a
manufacturer and wholesaler of machine crushers.

Global Protocols Inc | Riverbed Technology Inc

Riverbed Technology Inc acquired Global Protocols Inc, a Greenbelt-based
provider of protocol engineering services.

Griffin Industries Inc | DG Acquisition Corp

DG Acquisition Corp, a wholly-owned unit of Darling International Inc (Darling),
definitively agreed to merge with Griffin Industries Inc, a Cold Spring-based
producer of animal feeds, for $840 million. The consideration was to consist of
$740 million in cash and the issuance of 9. 998 million Darling common shares
valued at $102.98 million. The shares were valued based on Darling's closing
stock price of $10.3 on 8 November 2010, the last full trading prior day prior
to the announcement.

Laurel Mountain Midstream | Atlas Energy Inc

Atlas Energy Inc (Atlas Energy) definitively agreed to acquire a 49% stake in
Laurel Mountain Midstream LLC, a provider of natural gas transmission services,
and a joint venture between Atlas Pipeline Partners LP (Atlas Pipeline) and The
Williams Cos Inc, from Atlas Pipeline, for an estimated $403 million in cash.
Concurrently, Chevron Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Atlas
Energy, and Atlas Pipeline Holdings LP agreed to acquire the upstream oil and
gas assets of Atlas Energy. The three transactions were conditioned upon the
completion of each deal.

Aclor Inc | SGD Holdings Ltd

SGD Holdings Ltd signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire Aclor Inc, a
Lawrenceville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of paper products. Terms are not
disclosed.

Malibu Beach Recovery Center | Investor Group

An investor group, comprised of Russell Armstrong and Taylor Armstrong, acquired
an undisclosed minority stake in Malibu Beach Recovery Center, a provider of
residential drug and alcohol treatment services.

Northbrook Energy LLC | Drift Lake Resources Inc

Drift Lake Resources Inc (Drift) of Canada, via a wholly-owned subsidiary,
signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to merge with Northbrook Energy LLC, a
Plano-based oil and gas exploration and production company, in exchange for 34
million new Drift common shares valued at CAD 13.6 million ($13.477 mil), via a
scheme of arrangement, in a reverse takeover transaction. The shares were valued
based on Drift's closing stock price of CAD 0.4 ($0.396) on 04 Nov 2010, the
last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Organ Transport Systems Inc | Yaterra Ventures Corp

Yaterra Ventures Corp signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to merge with Organ
Transport Systems Inc, a Frisco-based biotechnology company and a wholly-owned
unit of Healthcare of Today Inc (Healthcare). Upon completion, Healthcare was to
own 60% of the combined entity.

PLC Systems-TMR Assets | Novadaq Technologies Inc

Novadaq Technologies Inc of Canada definitively agreed to acquire the
Transmyocardial Revascularization assets of PLC Systems Inc, a Franklin- based
manufacturer and wholesaler of medical technology equipment, for $1.7 million.
The consideration was to consist of $1 million in cash and the assumption of
$0.7 million in liabilities.

PrecisionCraft Log Homes | PFB Corp

PFB Corp of Canada signed a Letter of Intent to acquire PrecisionCraft Log Homes
& Timber Homes, a Meridian-based manufacturer of timber frames and log
structures, for an undisclosed amount of cash and profit-related payments.

Rutland Tool & Supply Co | MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc

MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc definitively agreed to acquire Rutland Tool &
Supply Co, a Whittier-based wholesaler and retailer of industrial and cutting
tools, from Lawson Products Inc, for an estimated $11 million in cash.

Sara Lee Corp-North American | BBU Inc

BBU Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Grupo Bimbo SAD de CV, agreed to acquire the
North American fresh bakery business (bakery business) of Sara Lee Corp (Sara
Lee), a Chicago-based producer and wholesaler of meat and baked goods, for $959
million. The consideration was to consist of $925 million in cash and the
assumption of $34 million in liabilities. Originally, On July 2010, Sara Lee was
rumored to be seeking a buyer for its bakery business. Grupo Bimbo, Hostess
Brands Inc and Pepperidge Farm, a unit of Campbell Soup Co, and an investor
group comprised of Henry Kravis and KKR & Co LP were named as potential bidders.

Sports Radio Interviews | SB Nation

SB Nation Acquired Sports Radio Interviews, a provider of online sports news
services, from Sports Media Booking.

Tyco Intl Ltd-Electrical Prod | Clayton Dubilier & Rice LLC

Clayton Dubilier & Rice LLC agreed to acquire a 51% interest in the Electrical
and Metal Products business of Tyco International Ltd, a Pembroke-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of security products, for an estimated $720 million
in cash, in a leveraged buyout transaction. Upon completion, the business will
be renamed Atkore International.

World Class Wines LLC | Southern Wine & Spirits

Southern Wine & Spirits of America Inc planned to acquire World Class Wines LLC,
an Eden Prairie-based wholesaler of wines.

Asphalt Transport Inc | Cokendolpher & Culpepper Ltd

Cokendolpher & Culpepper Ltd merged with Asphalt Transport Inc, a Channelview-
based provider of asphalt and petrochemical products delivery services.

BancTrust Financial Group Inc | YA Global Master SPV Ltd

YA Global Master SPV Ltd agreed to acquire an undisclosed minority stake of
BancTrust Financial Group Inc, a Mobile-based bank holding company, for an
estimated $15 million, in a privately negotiated transaction.

Baseline Oil & Gas-Certain Oil | Layline Petroleum LLC

Layline Petroleum LLC acquired certain assets of Baseline Oil & Gas Corp, a
Houston-based oil and gas exploration and production company.

Bus-Tech Inc | EMC Corp

EMC Corp acquired Bus- Tech Inc, a Bedford-based manufacturer of system storage
and networking devices.

ConnectIT Networks Inc | MicroHoldings US Inc

MicroHoldings US Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire ConnectIT
Networks Inc, a Vancouver- based provider of information technology services.

Convergent | Avtex Solutions LLC

Avtex Solutions LLC, a unit of Starquest Securities LLC, acquired Convergent, an
Apple Valley-based provider of technology solutions services.

Datawise Inc | Measured Progress Inc

Measured Progress Inc acquired Datawise Inc, a Redding-based provider of
educational assessment and development services.

Gateway Overlook Shopping,MD | Undisclosed Acquiror

General Growth Properties Inc agreed to divest its Gateway Overlook Shopping
Center unit, a Columbia-based owner and operator of shopping center to an
undisclosed acquiror, for $90.05 million.

Homewood Suites by Hilton | Chesapeake Lodging Trust

Chesapeake Lodging Trust definitively agreed to acquire Homewood Suites by
Hilton Seattle-Convention Center, an owner and operator of a hotel, for $53
million.

I-Behavior Inc | WPP PLC

WPP PLC of London, through KBP Group, acquired I- Behavior Inc, a Louisville-
based provider of internet marketing services.

Alaris Trading Partners LLC | I.A. Englander & Co Inc

I.A. Englander & Co Inc to acquire Alaris Trading Partners LLC, a Del Mar-based
provider of brokerage services.

MECS Inc | DuPont

El du Pont de Nemours & Co {DuPont} definitively agreed to acquire MECS Inc, a
St. Louis-based provider of construction and design services, from American
Securities LLC. Terms were not disclosed.

The Glens at Mill Creek | Trade Street Capital LLC

Trade Street Capital LLC acquired The Glens at Mill Creek, a Buford-based owner
and operator of apartment buildings.

Interchange Technologies Inc | ePlus Technology Inc

ePlus Technology Inc, a wholly-owned unit of ePlus Inc, acquired Interchange
Technologies Inc, a St. Louis- based provider of information technology
services. Terms were not disclosed.

100 First Plaza,San Francisco | Kilroy Realty Corp

Kilroy Realty Corp acquired 100 First Plaza, San Francisco, California, an owner
and operator of an office building, for an estimated $191.5 million.

TW Phillips Gas & Oil Co | SteelRiver Infrastructure Fund

SteelRiver Infrastructure Fund North America LP, a majority-owned unit of the
John Hancock Life Insurance Co subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corp's
majority-owned John Hancock Financial Services Inc unit, agreed to acquire TW
Phillips Gas & Oil Co, Butler-based gas utility company. Terms were not
disclosed.

SAGE Electrochromics Inc | Cie de Saint-Gobain SA

Cie de Saint-Gobain SA of France acquired a 50% interest in SAGE Electrochromics
Inc, a Faribault-based manufacturer and wholesaler, for $80 million.

Tejas Video Partners Ltd | Global Axcess Corp

Global Axcess Corp definitively agreed to acquire Tejas Video Partners Ltd, a
San Antonio-based owner and operator of DVD rental kiosks. Terms were not
disclosed.

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp | Eses Holdings Ltd

Eses Holdings Ltd of United Arab Emirates definitively agreed to acquire a
76.119% interest, or 40 million common shares, in Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp, a
Del Mar-based biopharmaceutical company, for $0.25 per share, or a total value
of $10 million.

Aires Pharmaceuticals Inc | Novartis Intl Pharm Ltd

Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd of Bermuda, a unit of Novartis AG, was
granted an option to acquire Aires Pharmaceuticals Inc, a San Diego-based
manufacturer of pharmaceuticals, for an estimated $250 million including an
undisclosed amount in profit-related payments.

Arbinet Corp | Primus Telecom Group Inc

Primus Telecommunications Group Inc (Primus) definitively agreed to acquire the
entire share capital of Arbinet Corp, a Herndon-based provider of
telecommunications services, for an estimated $28 million in Primus common
shares. Concurrently, in November 2010, Primus announced that it was seeking a
buyer for its non-core European assets.

Caprius Inc | Vintage Capital Group LLC

Vintage Capital Group LLC definitively agreed to acquire the remaining 60%
interest, or 3.259 million common shares, in Caprius Inc, a Paramus-based
manufacturer of waste processing equipment, for $0.065 per share, or a total
value of $0.212 million.

Citigroup Inc-Multifamily | OneWest Bank FSB

OneWest Bank FSB acquired the multifamily and commercial real estate loans
portfolio of Citigroup Inc, a New York-based provider financial services such as
insurance, investment and mortgage banking, securities brokerage, investment
management and consumer and business credit services, and a bank holding
company, for $98 million.

Global Aerosystems LLC | Kaman Corp

Kaman Corp agreed to acquire Global Aerosystems LLC, an Everett-based provider
of aerostructure engineering design and analysis services. Terms were not
disclosed.

Jefferies & Co Inc-Clearing | Pershing LLC

Pershing LLC, a unit of Bank of New York Mellon Corp, definitively agreed to
acquire the correspondent broker-dealer clearing business of Jefferies & Co Inc,
a New York-based securities brokerage firm, from Jefferies Group Inc. Terms were
not disclosed.

Optelecom-NKF Inc | TKH Group NV

TKH Group NV of the Netherlands definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of Optelecom- NKF Inc, a Germantown-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
video surveillance products, for $2.45 in cash per share, or a total value of
$9.071 million.

PartnerAlliances LLC | Amazon Consulting LLC

Amazon Consulting LLC acquired PartnerAlliances LLC, a Mountain View-based
provider of information technology services.

Thomas & Betts Corp-Commun | Belden Inc

Belden Inc definitively agreed to acquire the communications products business
of Thomas & Betts Corp, a Memphis-based manufacturer of electrical components,
for $78 million.

Vertical Hydrogarden Inc | GreenGro Technologies Inc

GreenGro Technologies Inc planned to acquire Vertical Hydrogarden Inc, a
Roseville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of gardening equipment. Terms were
not disclosed.

Zenith Hospitalists LLP | IPC The Hospitalist Co Inc

IPC The Hospitalist Co Inc acquired Zenith Hospitalists LLP, a Las Vegas- based
provider of physician practice services. Terms were not disclosed.

INVISTA Inc-PET Polymer & | Indorama Ventures PCL

Indorama Ventures PCL of Thailand definitively agreed to acquire the PET polymer
and resins manufacturing facilities, located in Spartanburg, South Carolina, and
Queretaro, Mexico, of INVISTA Inc, a Wichita, Kansas, manufactures fibers and
polymers, and a unit of Koch Industries Inc, for $420 million.

Sophis Inc | Misys PLC

Misys PLC (Misys) of the UK definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of Sophis Inc (Sophis) , a New York-based provider of portfolio and
risk- management software, from Advent International Corp (Advent) and other
undisclosed shareholders, for $601.176 million. The consideration was to consist
of $364.804 million in cash, $8.198 million in Misys ordinary shares, the
assumption of $221.342 million in liabilities, and up to $6.832 million in
profit-related payments. Originally, in June 2010, Advent was rumoured to be
seeking a buyer for its Sophis unit.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                              June 4, 1990, Monday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have enacted interstate banking legislation, as follows.
This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been
in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permitted regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law. Maryland and the District of Columbia were added to the region in
1987. Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes effective
July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state bank uholding companies from the contiguous states of
Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. IC
28-2-15-1, law passed in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law,
effective June 1, 1987, adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and Wisconsin to the compact. No out-of-state bank holding
company may acquire more than 12% of the total deposits of all financial
institutions in the state. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992 (IC 28-2-16-1).

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: A 1985 law permits bank holding companies located anywhere in the
United States to acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. On July 13,
1989, a law expired that limited holding company acquisitions to three banks a
year. No company is allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in
Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas lacks the necessary reciprocal law.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that have currently been certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Michigan, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
Puerto Rico has also been certified.

Seven other states will meet New Jersey's reciprocal test when their laws become
effective: California (Jan. 1, 1991), Colorado (Jan. 1, 1991), Illinois (Dec. 1,
1990), Indiana (July 1, 1992), Nebraska (Jan. 1, 1991), New Mexico (Jan. 1,
1990), and Vermont (Feb. 1, 1990).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law (Title 6 of Oklahoma statutes, sections 504 507),
bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation may bid against in-state
banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions. Since July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from anywhere in the nation have been allowed to acquire healthy
Oklahoma institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's
home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists,
the out-of-state institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective that
became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks were allowed in the state
beginning March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. Since Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state have been allowed to acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal
basis. With shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition
by an out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 3146 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              162 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 16, 1985 Tuesday

13 projects   approved   by agency

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - Federal Industry Minister Sinclair Stevens has announced the
 first decisions made under the Investment Canada Act since it was
 proclaimed June 30.

The following proposals have been approved.

ADM-Agri-Industries Ltd. of Toronto, which is owned by Archer-Daniels-
 Midland Co. of Decatur, Ill., to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Maple Leaf Monarch Co. of Toronto.

British Telecommunications PLC of Britain to acquire control of the
 business carried on by CTG Inc. of Toronto.

Computalog Gearhart Ltd. of Calgary, which is controlled by Gearhart
 Industries Inc. of Fort Worth, Tex., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Digitech Services Ltd. consisting of its Drill Rite
 Industries division of Calgary.

New NAL Corp. of New York to acquire control of the business carried on
 by the New American Library of Canada Ltd. of Toronto.

BTR PLC of Britain to acquire control of the businesses carried on by
 Dunlop (Canada) Inc., Dunlop Construction Products Inc., Dunlop Industrial
 Ltd. and Sportlines International Ltd., all of Toronto.

Crane Co. of New York, to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Navend Industries Co. Ltd. of Toronto.
    518018 Ontario Inc. of Toronto, which is owned by a citizen of Korea,
 to acquire control of the business carried on by Step In Corner Mart of
 Toronto.

Hee Seong Shin of Toronto, a citizen of Korea, to acquire control of
 the business carried on by 518018 Ontario Inc. of Toronto, a holding
 company.

Potomac Estates Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is owned by Potomac
 Estate Corp. of Washington, to acquire control of the businesses carried
 on by Everclear Safety Ltd. consisting of its printing and copy centre
 division and Gadd Investments Inc., a holding company, both of Cobourg,
 Ont..

RSP and M Inc. of Ellsworth, Kan., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Cashco Canada Inc. of Toronto.

Osterreichische Luftverkehrs AG of Austria to establish a business at
 Toronto to sell and promote reservations and services on Austrian airline
 flights.

Restaurant Suntory Vancouver Inc. of Vancouver, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Restaurant Suntory International Ltd. of Japan, to establish
 a business at Vancouver to operate a Japanese restaurant.

Zidell Explorations Inc. of Portland, Ore., to establish a business at
 Edmonton to distribute valves, fittings and flanges to the petroleum and
 plumbing industries.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 10, 1983 Tuesday

FIRA approves   18 proposals

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has approved 18 foreign investment
 proposals following review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

The proposals allowed were by:
    American Brands Inc. of New York to acquire control of Pinkerton's of
 Canada Ltd., Toronto.

DPS Holdings Corp. of Edmonton, owned by eight Canadian citizens, one
 American citizen and one Australian citizen, to acquire control of ACT
 Computer Services Ltd. of Edmonton.

Exide Canada Corp. of Toronto, a wholly owned subsidiary of Exide Corp.
 of Philadelphia, to acquire control of Exide Canada Inc. of Mississauga,
 Ont.

Far East United Electronics Ltd. of Hong Kong, owned by Conic
 Investment Co. Ltd. of Hong Kong and Proquality International Ltd. of
 Markham, Ont., to establish a business in Vancouver to assemble consumer
 electronic products.
    536673 Ontario Inc. of Port Colborne, Ont., equally owned by a U.S.
 citizen and a Canadian citizen, to acquire control of Balaton Inn of Port
 Colborne.

Industrial Air Inc. of Amelia, Ohio, to acquire control of the business
 carried on in Canada by the Canada Fans division of Hunt and Moscrop
 (Canada) Inc. of Picton, Ont.

Intermark Inc. of La Jolla, Calif., to acquire control of Pier 1
 Imports (Canada) Inc. of Montreal.

National City Lines Inc. of Dallas to acquire control of Waterloo Metal
 Stampings Ltd. of Kitchener, Ont.

Barry Anthony Newsum and Dawn Helene Newsum of Nottingham, England, to
 acquire control of Mary Lee's Fish N Nog of Fergus, Ont.
    118054 Canada Inc. of Sault Ste. Marie., Ont., which is owned 10 per
 cent by a Canadian citizen and 90 per cent by seven U.S. residents, to
 acquire control of Empire Hotel Co. of Timmins, Ont.
    120215 Canada Inc. of Lachine, Que., which is a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Wilson Computer Systems Inc. of Midland, Tex., to establish a business
 in Montreal to sell microcomputer hardware and software packages.
    120946 Canada Inc. of Toronto, which is ultimately wholly owned by
 Beecham Group PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the DAP Canada
 division of Scholl (Canada) Inc. of Toronto.

Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken Inc. of Jefferson, La., which is owned by
 A. Copeland Enterprises Inc. of Metirie, La., to establish a business in
 Montreal to sell Popeyes restaurant franchises to Canadians.

Siebe Norton Inc. of Charleston, S.C., which is controlled by Siebe
 German Holding PLC of Britain, to acquire control of Norton Safety
 Products Ltd. of Toronto.

Tann-Papier Gesellschaft GmbH of Austria to establish a business in
 Woodstock, N.B., to manufacture cigaret tipping paper.

Gustav F. Totschl of Austria to establish a business in Woodstock,
 N.B., to manufacture, import and export medical products.

Rowntree Mackintosh Corp. of Toronto, which is controlled by Rowntree
 Mackintosh PLC of Britain, to acquire control of the Laura Secord division
 of Ault Foods Ltd. of Toronto.

Vial SA of France to establish a business at St. Leonard, Que.,
 initially to import and distribute and later to manufacture medical
 apparatus for use in hospitals.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                                October 28, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: EstÃ©e Lauder, Rockwell Collins, Zimmer Biomet;
EstÃ©e Lauder buys Becca; Rockwell Collins purchases B/E Aerospace; Zimmer
Biomet acquires RespondWell

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 4870  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Time Warner Inc              AT&T Inc         85,408.0             AT&T Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of Time Warner Inc,
                                                           a New York-based
                                                         producer of motion
                                                       pictures and videos,
                                                       for $107.5 per share
                                                              or a total of
                                                        $85.408 billion via
                                                               a stock swap
                                                       transaction, subject
                                                                to a collar
                                                             agreement. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                       consist of $53.75 in
                                                         cash and $53.75 in
                                                              common stock.
                                                       Originally, AT&T was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                               Time Warner.
Reynolds American    British American         46,537.5     British American
Inc                       Tobacco PLC                    Tobacco PLC (BATS)
                                                         of the UK plans to
                                                                  launch an
                                                         unsolicited tender
                                                       offer to acquire the
                                                          remaining 57.776%
                                                         interest or 823.56
                                                             million common
                                                         shares it does not
                                                             already own in
                                                          Reynolds American
                                                             Inc, a Winston
                                                       Salem-based producer
                                                          of cigarettes and
                                                              other tobacco
                                                            products, via a
                                                                 stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                        at $46.538 billion.
                                                        BATS offered $24.13
                                                           in cash and 0.55
                                                         ordinary share per
                                                            Reynolds common
                                                            share. Based on
                                                        BATS' closing stock
                                                        price of $58.822 on
                                                       20 October 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                         Reynolds share was
                                                         valued at $56.494.
NXP Semiconductors       Qualcomm Inc         38,777.5         Qualcomm Inc
NV                                                      definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                                     of NXP
                                                       Semiconductors NV, a
                                                             San Jose-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        semiconductors, for
                                                        $110 per share or a
                                                           total of $38.777
                                                       billion via a tender
                                                       offer. The offer was
                                                        conditional upon at
                                                         least 95% of NXP's
                                                               shares being
                                                                  tendered.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                            September 2016,
                                                       Qualcomm was rumored
                                                          to be planning to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                                       NXP.
B/E Aerospace Inc    Rockwell Collins          8,200.8 Rockwell Collins Inc
                                  Inc                   definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                           of B/E Aerospace
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                           Wellington-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       aircraft components,
                                                           for $8. 201 bil,
                                                        subject to a collar
                                                             agreement. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                       consist of $34.10 in
                                                            cash per share,
                                                         $27.90 in Rockwell
                                                          common shares and
                                                          the assumption of
                                                             $1.9billion in
                                                          liabilities. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                         deal, Rockwell and
                                                                  B/E would
                                                       respectively own 80%
                                                             and 20% of the
                                                             merged entity.
                                                         Originally, in May
                                                        2014, B/E announced
                                                        that it was seeking
                                                            a buyer for the
                                                                   company.
Scottrade               TD Ameritrade          2,738.2        TD Ameritrade
Financial Services       Holding Corp                          Holding Corp
Inc                                                     definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire Scottrade
                                                         Financial Services
                                                                 Inc, a St.
                                                         Louis-based online
                                                        investing firm, for
                                                        $2.738 billion. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                                 consist of
                                                        $1.7billion in cash
                                                        and the issuance of
                                                              28 million TD
                                                          Ameritrade common
                                                        shares collectively
                                                           valued at $1.038
                                                        billion. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                          the closing stock
                                                         price of $37.08 on
                                                       21 October 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                           Toronto-Dominion
                                                            Bank of Canada,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire Scottrade
                                                       Bank. Originally, in
                                                              October 2016,
                                                              Scottrade was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the company.
Genworth Financial    China Oceanwide          2,706.0      China Oceanwide
Inc                 Holdings Group Co                     Holdings Group Co
                                  Ltd                        Ltd, a unit of
                                                         Oceanwide Group Co
                                                          Ltd, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                        capital of Genworth
                                                           Financial Inc, a
                                                             Richmond-based
                                                           provider of life
                                                        insurance, mortgage
                                                              financing and
                                                       investment services,
                                                               from General
                                                            Electric Co for
                                                           around $5.43 per
                                                        share or a total of
                                                        $USD 2.706 billion.
Scottrade Bank       Toronto-Dominion          1,300.0     Toronto-Dominion
                                 Bank                  Bank of Canada (TD),
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                              to acquire St
                                                                Louis-based
                                                       Scottrade Bank, from
                                                        Scottrade Financial
                                                        Services Inc (SFSI)
                                                         for $1.3billion in
                                                        cash. Concurrently,
                                                              TD Ameritrade
                                                               Holding Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire SFSI for
                                                              $2.7 billion.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                              October 2016,
                                                              Scottrade was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the company.
PennTex Midstream     Energy Transfer            640.0      Energy Transfer
Partners LP               Partners LP                           Partners LP
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to the entire share
                                                         capital of PennTex
                                                         Midstream Partners
                                                        LP, a Houston-based
                                                        provider of natural
                                                           gas transmission
                                                       services, for around
                                                       $640 mil, subject to
                                                          proration whereby
                                                           50% of the total
                                                        consideration would
                                                        be paid in cash and
                                                       the remaining 50% in
                                                             common shares.
XPO Logistics          TransForce Inc            558.0    TransForce Inc of
Inc-North American                                      Canada acquired the
Truckload Business                                           North American
                                                         truckload business
                                                           of XPO Logistics
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Greenwich-based
                                                        provider of freight
                                                             transportation
                                                                arrangement
                                                       services, for around
                                                            $558 million in
                                                                      cash.
Marcellus Shale              EQT Corp            513.0             EQT Corp
Pure Play,West                                          definitively agreed
Virginia                                                     to acquire the
                                                       Marcellus Shale Pure
                                                               Play in West
                                                          Virginia, jointly
                                                          owned by Republic
                                                        Energy Ventures LLC
                                                           and Trans Energy
                                                              Inc, for $513
                                                                   million.
                                                          Concurrently, EQT
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Trans Energy Inc.
Kroll Ontrack Inc      LDiscovery LLC            410.0    LDiscovery LLC, a
                                                        unit of The Carlyle
                                                                  Group LP,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire Kroll
                                                       Ontrack Inc, an Eden
                                                              Prairie-based
                                                               developer of
                                                                information
                                                       management software,
                                                        for $410 million in
                                                       cash from Kroll Inc,
                                                         owned by Corporate
                                                         Risk Holdings LLC.
MACtac Americas          Lintec Corp.            375.0 Lintec Corp of Japan
LLC                                                     definitively agreed
                                                         to pay around $375
                                                         million to acquire
                                                       MACtac Americas LLC,
                                                               a Stow-based
                                                       manufacturer of roll
                                                            label products,
                                                          graphic displays,
                                                         pressure-sensitive
                                                                 sheets for
                                                        commercial printers
                                                       and medical adhesive
                                                        systems, as well as
                                                         bonding & mounting
                                                            solutions, from
                                                            MACtac Americas
                                                        Holdings LLC, owned
                                                               by Evergreen
                                                           Holdings IV LLC.
Everyday Health        Ziff Davis LLC            355.1    Ziff Davis LLC, a
Inc                                                       unit of j2 Global
                                                          Inc, definitively
                                                       agreed to merge with
                                                       Everyday Health Inc,
                                                           a New York-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                         health information
                                                       services, for $10.50
                                                       per share or a total
                                                         of $355.07 million
                                                        via a tender offer.
                                                               The offer is
                                                        conditional upon at
                                                               least 50% of
                                                          Everyday's shares
                                                            being tendered.
                                                             Originally, on
                                                              October 2016,
                                                        Everyday Health Inc
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the company.
Merchants              Community Bank            314.9       Community Bank
Bancshares                 System Inc                            System Inc
Inc,Burlington,Ver                                      definitively agreed
mont                                                         to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                               of Merchants
                                                          Bancshares Inc, a
                                                                      South
                                                           Burlington-based
                                                       commercial bank, for
                                                       $314.875 million via
                                                               a stock swap
                                                               transaction.
                                                        Community offered a
                                                            choice of 0.963
                                                           common share per
                                                         Merchants share or
                                                         $40 per share or a
                                                             combination of
                                                           0.6741 Community
                                                        share per Merchants
                                                          share and $12 per
                                                          share. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                        Community's closing
                                                       stock price of $47.5
                                                        on 21 October 2016,
                                                              the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
Stanley Martin        Daiwa House USA            251.0 Daiwa House USA Inc,
Communities LLC                   Inc                       a unit of Daiwa
                                                          House Industry Co
                                                             Ltd, agreed to
                                                             acquire an 82%
                                                        interest in Stanley
                                                         Martin Communities
                                                        LLC, a Reston-based
                                                         single family home
                                                        builder, for around
                                                              $251 million.
Middleburg            Access National            246.1 Access National Corp
Financial Corp                   Corp                   definitively agreed
                                                              to merge with
                                                       Middleburg Financial
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Middleburg-based
                                                       commercial bank, via
                                                               a stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                       at $246.149 million.
                                                             Access offered
                                                       1.3314 common shares
                                                             per Middleburg
                                                        common share. Based
                                                         on Access' closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                       $26.61 on 21 October
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement,
                                                            each Middleburg
                                                        share was valued at
                                                              $35.429. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                           deal, Access and
                                                           Middleburg would
                                                           respectively own
                                                         53.5% and 46.5% of
                                                         the merged entity,
                                                       which would be named
                                                         as Access National
                                                                      Corp.
WideOpenWest             Midcontinent            215.0         Midcontinent
Finance                Communications                     Communications, a
LLC-Lawrence,                                          unit of Midcontinent
Kansas System                                                    Media Inc,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire Lawrence
                                                           Kansas System of
                                                       WideOpenWest Finance
                                                                    LLC, an
                                                            Englewood-based
                                                          internet services
                                                       provider, for around
                                                            $215 million in
                                                                      cash.
Sanchez Energy      Carrizo Oil & Gas            181.0    Carrizo Oil & Gas
Corp-Non-Core                     Inc                         Inc agreed to
Eagle Ford Shale                                       acquire the non-core
Properties                                                 Eagle Ford Shale
                                                              properties of
                                                       Sanchez Energy Corp,
                                                        a Houston-based oil
                                                        and gas exploration
                                                        company, for around
                                                            $181 million in
                                                                      cash.
JP Energy Partners American Midstream            160.0   American Midstream
LP                        Partners LP                    Partners LP agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                               of JP Energy
                                                            Partners LP, an
                                                               Irving-based
                                                        liquefied petroleum
                                                        gas dealer, from CB
                                                       Capital Partners Inc
                                                       for $159.977 million
                                                           via a stock swap
                                                               transaction.
                                                           American offered
                                                       0.5571 common shares
                                                        per JP stock. Based
                                                              on American's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                           of $14.95, on 21
                                                          October 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                        JP share was valued
                                                                 at $8.634.
International         Platinum Equity            101.8  Platinum Equity LLC
Textile Group Inc                 LLC                   acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                              International
                                                       Textile Group Inc, a
                                                           Greensboro-based
                                                       textile product mill
                                                              operator, for
                                                       $101.758 million via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                        transaction from WL
                                                             Ross & Co LLC,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                           Invesco Ltd. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                       consist of $0.55 per
                                                        share or a total of
                                                       $17.858 mil, as well
                                                       as $83.9 million for
                                                       the Tranche B Notes.
Martin Midstream     NuStar Energy LP             93.0    NuStar Energy LP,
Partners LP-Crude                                         agreed to pay $93
Oil & Refined                                            million to acquire
Product Storage                                             the crude oil &
Assets,Port of                                              refined product
Corpus Christi                                            storage assets in
                                                         the Port of Corpus
                                                        Christi from Martin
                                                         Midstream Partners
                                                        LP, a Kilgore-based
                                                         provider of marine
                                                            transportation,
                                                              terminalling,
                                                           distribution and
                                                       midstream logistical
                                                        services ultimately
                                                            owned by Martin
                                                        Resource Management
                                                                      Corp.
Butler Aerospace     HCL Technologies             85.0 HCL Technologies Ltd
LLC                               Ltd                    of India agreed to
                                                             acquire Butler
                                                           Aerospace LLC, a
                                                         provider of office
                                                             administrative
                                                             services, from
                                                         Butler America LLC
                                                           for $85 million.
Segrest Inc          Central Garden &             60.0 Central Garden & Pet
                               Pet Co                   Co acquired Segrest
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                            Gobsonton-based
                                                             aquatic animal
                                                                    farming
                                                         establishment, for
                                                               $60 million.
Trans Energy Inc             EQT Corp             59.7             EQT Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Trans Energy Inc,
                                                       a St Marys-based oil
                                                        and gas exploration
                                                             and production
                                                         company, for $3.58
                                                       in cash per share or
                                                          a total of $59.74
                                                       million via a tender
                                                       offer. The offer was
                                                        conditional upon at
                                                        least a majority of
                                                             Trans Energy's
                                                               shares being
                                                                  tendered.
                                                          Concurrently, EQT
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire Marcellus
                                                           Shale Pure Play.
True Wireless LLC          KSIX Media             24.0  KSIX Media Holdings
                         Holdings Inc                      Inc has signed a
                                                       letter of intent to
                                                               acquire True
                                                           Wireless LLC, an
                                                        Oklahoma City-based
                                                                   wireless
                                                         telecommunications
                                                           carrier, for $24
                                                                   million.
IBEX Global            Resource Group             15.7       Resource Group
Solutions Plc       International Ltd                    International Ltd,
                                                           through its unit
                                                           India Bidco Ltd,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                       the remaining 11.450
                                                             million common
                                                       shares or the 28.95%
                                                          stake it does not
                                                        already own in IBEX
                                                           Global Solutions
                                                          Plc, a Washington
                                                       DC-based provider of
                                                        telephone answering
                                                        services, for $1.37
                                                       in cash per share or
                                                         a total of $15.687
                                                                   million.
970 High Ridge         Urstadt Biddle             13.3       Urstadt Biddle
Road Shopping          Properties Inc                        Properties Inc
Center,Stamford,CT                                         acquired the 970
                                                            High Ridge Road
                                                         Shopping Center in
                                                         Stamford for $13.3
                                                                   million.
Robson              Slate Retail REIT             11.0 Slate Retail REIT of
Crossing,Flowery                                           Canada agreed to
Branch,GA                                                    acquire Robson
                                                        Crossing, a 100,245
                                                         sq ft Publix Super
                                                            Market-anchored
                                                           retail center in
                                                           Atlanta, for $11
                                                                   million.
Vector USA Inc            Viscofan SA              3.4 Viscofan SA of Spain
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                         Vector USA Inc, an
                                                            Oak Brook-based
                                                       supplier of flexible
                                                         packaging and food
                                                       casing products, for
                                                          $3.4 million. The
                                                          transaction would
                                                             include Vector
                                                             Europe and its
                                                       subsidiaries, Vector
                                                       Packaging Europe and
                                                                 Vector UK.
Kings Cross            Convalo Health              0.3       Convalo Health
Advisors Inc       International Corp                    International Corp
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                           capital of Kings
                                                        Cross Advisors Inc,
                                                        a Los Angeles-based
                                                          outpatient mental
                                                       health and substance
                                                               abuse center
                                                               operator, in
                                                          exchange for 4.35
                                                            million Convalo
                                                              common shares
                                                        collectively valued
                                                         at $0.326 million.
                                                            The shares were
                                                            valued based on
                                                          Convalo's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                       $0.075 on 21 October
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
Diversified               ABB Concise                   ABB Concise Optical
Ophthalmics Inc         Optical Group                  Group, a unit of New
                                                           Mountain Capital
                                                              LLC, plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                                Diversified
                                                         Ophthalmics Inc, a
                                                           Cincinnati-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          ophthalmic goods.
                                                          Concurrently, ABB
                                                            Concise Optical
                                                             Group plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           MidSouth Premier
                                                          Opthalmics. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
MidSouth Premier          ABB Concise                   ABB Concise Optical
Ophthalmics             Optical Group                  Group, a unit of New
                                                           Mountain Capital
                                                              LLC, plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           MidSouth Premier
                                                             Ophthalmics, a
                                                            Brentwood-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          ophthalmic goods.
                                                          Concurrently, ABB
                                                            Concise Optical
                                                             Group plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                                Diversified
                                                            Opthalmics Inc.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Ladera Ranch        Aldwin Apartments                     Aldwin Apartments
Apartments                        LLC                      LLC acquired the
                                                               Ladera Ranch
                                                              Apartments in
                                                       Irving. Terms of the
                                                       transaction were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                        the deal was valued
                                                          at $19.2 million.
Farmer Business       Alliance Office                       Alliance Office
Systems Llc                   Systems                      Systems acquired
                                                            Farmer Business
                                                             Systems Llc, a
                                                       Farmers Branch-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        computer peripheral
                                                                 equipment.
SH Franchising LLC    Altaris Capital                       Altaris Capital
                         Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                                acquired SH
                                                         Franchising LLC, a
                                                             Timonium-based
                                                               in-home care
                                                       franchising company,
                                                                from Levine
                                                          Leichtman Capital
                                                         Partners Inc via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Innovasic Inc      Analog Devices Inc                    Analog Devices Inc
                                                         acquired Innovasic
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                          Albuquerque-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         semiconductors and
                                                           related devices.
Travis Wolff & Co        Armanino LLP                    Armanino LLP plans
LLP                                                       merge with Travis
                                                          Wolff & Co LLP, a
                                                               Dallas-based
                                                           certified public
                                                          accountancy firm,
                                                          from BDO USA LLP,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                          BDO International
                                                                       Ltd.
Mtelligence Corp     Aspen Technology                  Aspen Technology Inc
                                  Inc                  acquired Mtelligence
                                                                Corp, a San
                                                       Diego-based software
                                                        publisher. Terms of
                                                       the transaction were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                        the deal was valued
                                                            at $37 million.
TTS LLC                  AutoInfo Inc                  AutoInfo Inc, a unit
                                                       of AutoInfo Holdings
                                                              LLC, plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                       share capital of TTS
                                                        LLC, a Frisco-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        specialized freight
                                                         trucking services.
Masergy            Berkshire Partners                    Berkshire Partners
Communications Inc                LLC                      LLC definitively
                                                       agreed to acquire an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                        interest in Masergy
                                                        Communications Inc,
                                                              a Plano-based
                                                           internet service
                                                        provider, from ABRY
                                                         Partners LLC via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                         Originally, in May
                                                             2016, ABRY was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                             Masergy via an
                                                                   auction.
Basic Energy              Bondholders                          Basic Energy
Services Inc                                           Services Inc, a Fort
                                                       Worth-based provider
                                                               of well site
                                                        services to oil and
                                                           gas drilling and
                                                       producing companies,
                                                           agreed to a debt
                                                              restructuring
                                                           transaction with
                                                           bondholders, who
                                                       would receive common
                                                         shares in exchange
                                                            for outstanding
                                                                 debt. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                          deal, bondholders
                                                           would hold 99.5%
                                                            interest in the
                                                         restructured firm.
                                                          The book value of
                                                          the existing debt
                                                               that will be
                                                       exchanged amounts to
                                                              $800 million.
Quality RV Inc          Camping World                         Camping World
                         Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                        acquired Quality RV
                                                                Inc, an Elk
                                                                River-based
                                                       recreational vehicle
                                                                    dealer.
Salubris               Chengdu Jinkai                   China-based Chengdu
Biotherapeutics        Biotech Co Ltd                     Jinkai Biotech Co
Inc                                                          Ltd, a unit of
                                                          Shenzhen Salubris
                                                         Pharmaceuticals Co
                                                              Ltd, plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                                   Salubris
                                                       Biotherapeutics Inc,
                                                          a manufacturer of
                                                       pharmaceuticals, for
                                                                  a nominal
                                                       consideration of $1.
Salermo Insurance  Confie Seguros Inc                   Confie Seguros Inc,
Agency LLC                                                   a unit of ABRY
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                           acquired Salermo
                                                           Insurance Agency
                                                                    LLC, an
                                                            Elizabeth-based
                                                          insurance agency.
                                                       Concurrently, Confie
                                                        acquired Hulme Corp
                                                        and Lockwood Agency
                                                                       Inc.
Hulme Corp         Confie Seguros Inc                   Confie Seguros Inc,
                                                             a unit of ABRY
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                       acquired Hulme Corp,
                                                              a Tyler-based
                                                          insurance agency.
                                                       Concurrently, Confie
                                                           acquired Salermo
                                                       Insurance Agency LLC
                                                        and Lockwood Agency
                                                                       Inc.
Lockwood Agency    Confie Seguros Inc                   Confie Seguros Inc,
Inc                                                          a unit of ABRY
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                          acquired Lockwood
                                                              Agency Inc, a
                                                            Jamestown-based
                                                          insurance agency.
                                                       Concurrently, Confie
                                                        acquired Hulme Corp
                                                                and Salermo
                                                           Insurance Agency
                                                                       LLC.
DeJONG-RICHTER LLC        Cooperative                           Cooperative
                      Strategies, LLC                       Strategies, LLC
                                                               acquired the
                                                         remaining stake it
                                                        did not already own
                                                         in DeJONG- RICHTER
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                             Hilliard-based
                                                                educational
                                                               consultancy.
Infoaccess.net LLC         Corcentric                    Corcentric, a unit
                                                              of AmeriQuest
                                                           Transportation &
                                                        Logistics Resources
                                                             Corp, acquired
                                                        Infoaccess.net LLC,
                                                          a Cleveland-based
                                                        software publisher.
Profitable            Digital Surgeon                   Digital Surgeon LLC
Channels                          LLC                   acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                       Profitable Channels,
                                                           a Westport-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       marketing consulting
                                                                  services.
Catholic Health        Dignity Health                  Dignity Health plans
Initiatives LLC                                              to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Catholic Health
                                                        Initiatives LLC, an
                                                            Englewood-based
                                                         hospital operator.
Bai Brands LLC      Dr Pepper Snapple                     Dr Pepper Snapple
                            Group Inc                  Group Inc is rumored
                                                          to be planning to
                                                         acquire Bai Brands
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                            Princeton-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          canned fruits and
                                                                vegetables.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                          October 2016, Bai
                                                           announced it was
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               the company.
Calvert Investment   Eaton Vance Corp                      Eaton Vance Corp
Management Inc                                             plans to acquire
                                                         Calvert Investment
                                                          Management Inc, a
                                                             Bethesda-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
HempLife Group LLC             Efftec                  Efftec International
                   International Inc.                  Inc plans to acquire
                                                        HempLife Group LLC,
                                                             a Denver-based
                                                       wholesaler of drugs.
Phyto Labs LLC            Endexx Corp                       Endexx Corp has
                                                        signed a memorandum
                                                       of understanding to
                                                         acquire Phyto Labs
                                                        LLC, a manufacturer
                                                            of soft drinks.
Energy &                 Enerlabs Inc                    Enerlabs Inc plans
Environmental                                           to acquire Energy &
Services Inc                                                  Environmental
                                                           Services Inc, an
                                                             Oklahoma-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         chemical products.
Vision Systems Inc   Enhanced Medical                      Enhanced Medical
                         Services LLC                          Services LLC
                                                            acquired Vision
                                                             Systems Inc, a
                                                       Tarpon Springs-based
                                                                retailer of
                                                          ophthalmic goods.
Stearns Bank        Entegra Financial                     Entegra Financial
NA-Branches(2)                   Corp                        Corp agreed to
                                                         acquire 2 branches
                                                        of Stearns Bank NA,
                                                          a St. Cloud-based
                                                            commercial bank
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                          Stearns Financial
                                                              Services Inc.
Firstaff Nursing          Epic Health                  Epic Health Services
Services Inc             Services Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                            Webster Capital
                                                            Management LLC,
                                                          acquired Firstaff
                                                           Nursing Services
                                                                Inc, a Bala
                                                               Cynwyd-based
                                                           provider of home
                                                            health care and
                                                           medical staffing
                                                                  services.
Harley-Davidson®        Evan Schipper                         Evan Schipper
of Fort Wayne                                                  acquired the
                                                        Harley-Davidson® of
                                                         Fort Wayne, a Fort
                                                          Wayne-based motor
                                                            vehicle dealer.
Datasource                 Exlservice                   Exlservice Holdings
Consulting LLC           Holdings Inc                          Inc acquired
                                                                 Datasource
                                                          Consulting LLC, a
                                                               Denver-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
FortyCloud Ltd            FireMon LLC                   FireMon LLC, a unit
                                                         of Insight Venture
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                        acquired FortyCloud
                                                                     Ltd, a
                                                            Mansfield-based
                                                          provider of cloud
                                                             infrastructure
                                                         security brokerage
                                                                  services.
Raging Bull            Fluid Delivery                        Fluid Delivery
Oilfield Services       Solutions LLC                      Solutions LLC, a
LLC                                                       unit of Trilantic
                                                         Capital Management
                                                       LLC, acquired Raging
                                                              Bull Oilfield
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                             Carlsbad-based
                                                        provider of oil and
                                                               gas drilling
                                                                  services.
Coastal Securities      FTN Financial                         FTN Financial
Corp                  Capital Markets                    Capital Markets, a
                                                              unit of First
                                                         Tennessee Bank NA,
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                         Coastal Securities
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                         financial sponsor.
Baker Hughes Inc     General Electric                   General Electric Co
                                   Co                      is rumored to be
                                                          planning to merge
                                                          with Baker Hughes
                                                       Inc, a Houston-based
                                                        manufacturer of oil
                                                         and gas machinery.
                                                               Terms of the
                                                       transaction have yet
                                                       to be disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                       the deal is expected
                                                            to be valued at
                                                            around $20 bil.
Stonefire Grill    Goode Partners LLC                    Goode Partners LLC
Inc                                                      acquired Stonefire
                                                               Grill Inc, a
                                                                   Westlake
                                                         Village-based full
                                                         service restaurant
                                                            operator, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Eyefluence Inc             Google Inc                    Google Inc, a unit
                                                           of Alphabet Inc,
                                                        acquired Eyefluence
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                        Milpitas-based firm
                                                         that is developing
                                                       digital screens that
                                                       can be controlled by
                                                             eye movements.
LivingSocial Inc          Groupon Inc                  Groupon Inc plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                        LivingSocial Inc, a
                                                           Washington-based
                                                             operator of an
                                                         online marketplace
                                                       that allows users to
                                                       buy and share things
                                                       to do in their city.
Camp Systems                   Hearst                                Hearst
International Inc  Communications Inc                    Communications Inc
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                               Camp Systems
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                            Merrimack-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services,
                                                             from GTCR LLC.
RAWkin Juice          Hip Cuisine Inc                       Hip Cuisine Inc
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                            RAWkin Juice, a
                                                         Burbank-based full
                                                         service restaurant
                                                                  operator.
Pixl LLC               Idea Booth LLC                        Idea Booth LLC
                                                       acquired Pixl LLC, a
                                                        Plaza Chicago-based
                                                       provider of computer
                                                             systems design
                                                                  services.
Smart Resource          Infiswift Inc                         Infiswift Inc
Labs                                                         acquired Smart
                                                           Resource Labs, a
                                                           Burlington-based
                                                        software publisher.
Acrisure LLC           Investor Group                      A management-led
                                                             investor group
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to acquire Acrisure
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                            Caledonia-based
                                                          insurance agency,
                                                       from Genstar Capital
                                                        LLC via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Anadarko Petroleum     Investor Group                    An investor group,
Corp-Oil & Gas                                                 comprised of
Assets                                                  Blackstone Group LP
                                                         and Sanchez Energy
                                                        Corp, is rumored to
                                                             be planning to
                                                          acquire the oil &
                                                              gas assets of
                                                         Anadarko Petroleum
                                                                Corp, a The
                                                            Woodlands-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                         natural gas. Terms
                                                         of the transaction
                                                             have yet to be
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                       the deal is expected
                                                            to be valued at
                                                           around $3.5 bil.
Datamatics                 Kronos Inc                    Kronos Inc, a unit
Management                                                     of Hellman &
Services Inc                                               Friedman Capital
                                                            Partners IV LP,
                                                        acquired Datamatics
                                                        Management Services
                                                         Inc, a Fords-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
Morrison                   Maxtin Inc                   Maxtin Inc acquired
Architectural Sign                                                 Morrison
Co Inc                                                   Architectural Sign
                                                                  Co Inc, a
                                                               Dallas-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          commercial screen
                                                         printing services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
New England          Micro Strategies                  Micro Strategies Inc
Systems Inc                       Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                        New England Systems
                                                        Inc, a Ludlow-based
                                                       provider of complete
                                                                information
                                                                 management
                                                                 solutions.
Diamond              National Express                      National Express
Transportation              Group PLC                   Group PLC of the UK
Services Inc                                               acquired Diamond
                                                             Transportation
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                                provider of
                                                             transportation
                                                          support services.
HealthMEDX Inc               Netsmart                              Netsmart
                     Technologies Inc                   Technologies Inc, a
                                                             unit of Nathan
                                                               Holding LLC,
                                                        acquired HealthMEDX
                                                        Inc, an Ozark-based
                                                        software publisher.
Columbia Daily              New Media                  New Media Investment
Tribune              Investment Group                    Group Inc acquired
                                  Inc                        Columbia Daily
                                                                 Tribune, a
                                                             Columbia-based
                                                                 periodical
                                                                 publisher.
MOFA Group           Ningbo Tech-Bank                   Ningbo Tech-Bank Co
LLC-Assets                     Co Ltd                   Ltd of China agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       assets of MOFA Group
                                                        LLC, a Verona-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        biological products
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                                Cooperative
                                                                  Resources
                                                         International. The
                                                       assets would include
                                                       MOFA Global BV, MOFA
                                                             Global Mexican
                                                          Division and MOFA
                                                                Global Inc.
Digital Legend        Ovation Music &                       Ovation Music &
Technology Inc            Studios Inc                  Studios Inc plans to
                                                            acquire Digital
                                                          Legend Technology
                                                             Inc, a Pompano
                                                                Beach-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            audio and video
                                                                 equipment.
PNE Corp           Parkland Fuel Corp                    Parkland Fuel Corp
                                                         of Canada plans to
                                                        acquire PNE Corp, a
                                                             Longview-based
                                                         alternative energy
                                                                    sources
                                                             establishment.
Jeffrey Slocum &   Pavilion Financial                    Pavilion Financial
Associates Inc                   Corp                        Corp of Canada
                                                           acquired Jeffrey
                                                        Slocum & Associates
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                          Minneapolis-based
                                                        investment advisor.
Karlee Inc         Porter's Group LLC                    Porter's Group LLC
                                                            acquired KARLEE
                                                              Karlee Inc, a
                                                              Garland-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 fabricated
                                                           structural metal
                                                                  products.
Atlantic Precision          Precision                   Precision Castparts
Inc                    Castparts Corp                       Corp, a unit of
                                                         Berkshire Hathaway
                                                              Inc, acquired
                                                         Atlantic Precision
                                                            Inc, a Port St.
                                                       Lucie-based provider
                                                              of commercial
                                                         printing services,
                                                            from Generation
                                                        Growth Capital Inc.
Lavante Inc           PRGX Global Inc                       PRGX Global Inc
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                         Lavante Inc, a San
                                                        Jose-based software
                                                                 publisher.
Frederator                  Rainmaker                             Rainmaker
Networks Inc        Entertainment Inc                  Entertainment Inc of
                                                            Canada plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                        Frederator Networks
                                                                 Inc, a New
                                                        York-based producer
                                                         of motion pictures
                                                       and videos. Terms of
                                                       the transaction were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                       the deal is expected
                                                        to be valued at $17
                                                                   million.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                                  Rainmaker
                                                          Entertainment Inc
                                                       plans to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                             of Ezrin Hirsh
                                                       Entertainment Inc, a
                                                              Toronto-based
                                                         producer of motion
                                                       pictures and videos.
Accunet Solutions  Red River Computer                    Red River Computer
Inc                                Co                         Co, a unit of
                                                         FusionStorm Global
                                                              Inc, acquired
                                                          Accunet Solutions
                                                        Inc, a Boston-based
                                                           provider of data
                                                             processing and
                                                          hosting services.
Crown                     Renaissance                           Renaissance
Philanthropic           Philanthropic                         Philanthropic
Solutions LLC         Solutions Group                       Solutions Group
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                        Crown Philanthropic
                                                           Solutions LLC, a
                                                          Kansas City-based
                                                        software publisher.
American-De Rosa   Resilience Capital                    Resilience Capital
Lamparts Inc             Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                       acquired American-De
                                                       Rosa Lamparts Inc, a
                                                             Commerce-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       residential electric
                                                         lighting fixtures,
                                                             from Shoreview
                                                       Industries Inc via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
F3 Innovations LLC   Scepter Holdings                  Scepter Holdings Inc
                                  Inc                   plans to acquire F3
                                                         Innovations LLC, a
                                                          Wheat Ridge-based
                                                            food supplement
                                                         products retailer.
Hebron Heights         Shopoff Realty                        Shopoff Realty
(retail center)        Investments LP                        Investments LP
                                                        acquired the Hebron
                                                                 Heights, a
                                                         36,000-square-foot
                                                           retail center in
                                                         Carrollton, Texas,
                                                          for $8.1 million.
NovelASPect Inc     Software Link Inc                     Software Link Inc
                                                       acquired NovelASPect
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                           Burlingame-based
                                                        software publisher.
Sentient Medical    SpecialtyCare Inc                  SpecialtyCare Inc, a
Systems                                                    unit of American
                                                            Securities LLC,
                                                          acquired Sentient
                                                         Medical Systems, a
                                                         Cockeysville-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          ambulatory health
                                                        care services, from
                                                           Dubin Clark & Co
                                                                       Inc.
Salentica           SS&C Technologies                     SS&C Technologies
                         Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                        acquired Salentica,
                                                           a New York-based
                                                        software publisher.
Nuevora Inc         Sutherland Global                     Sutherland Global
                         Services Ltd                          Services Ltd
                                                           acquired Nuevora
                                                                 Inc, a San
                                                       Ramon-based provider
                                                         of data processing
                                                                and hosting
                                                                  services.
Network Security             Temprano                  Temprano Techvestors
Group Inc             Techvestors Inc                  Inc acquired Network
                                                        Security Group Inc,
                                                         a Marblehead-based
                                                       electronic parts and
                                                                  equipment
                                                                wholesaler.
FlawCheck Inc         Tenable Network                       Tenable Network
                         Security Inc                          Security Inc
                                                         acquired FlawCheck
                                                                 Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                        software publisher.
Allied Reliability     TF Hudgins Inc                     TF Hudgins Inc, a
Inc                                                       unit of CapStreet
                                                        Group LLC, acquired
                                                           the entire share
                                                          capital of Allied
                                                         Reliability Inc, a
                                                           Charleston-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                engineering
                                                                  services.
Becca Inc            The Estee Lauder                  The Estee Lauder Cos
                              Cos Inc                         Inc agreed to
                                                       acquire BECCA Inc, a
                                                             New York-based
                                                        cosmetics retailer,
                                                          from Luxury Brand
                                                       Partners. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Wirecutter LLC     The New York Times                    The New York Times
                                   Co                           Co acquired
                                                          Wirecutter LLC, a
                                                        San Francisco-based
                                                          merchandise store
                                                                  operator.
                                                          Concurrently, New
                                                        York Times acquired
                                                               Sweethome, a
                                                        household appliance
                                                         retailer. Terms of
                                                       the transaction were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                               close to the
                                                           transaction, the
                                                         deal was valued at
                                                        around $30 million.
Sweethome          The New York Times                    The New York Times
                                   Co                           Co acquired
                                                               Sweethome, a
                                                        household appliance
                                                                  retailer.
                                                          Concurrently, New
                                                        York Times acquired
                                                          Wirecutter LLC, a
                                                        San Francisco-based
                                                          merchandise store
                                                         operator. Terms of
                                                       the transaction were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                               close to the
                                                           transaction, the
                                                         deal was valued at
                                                        around $30 million.
Elev8 Hemp LLC                 Vencor                  Vencor International
                    International Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                             Hartman Group,
                                                        acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          Elev8 Hemp LLC, a
                                                       manufacturer of hemp
                                                        seed coffee blends,
                                                          for $0.2 million.
Extension LLC                  Vocera                                Vocera
                   Communications Inc                    Communications Inc
                                                         acquired Extension
                                                                LLC, a Fort
                                                         Wayne-based direct
                                                         health and medical
                                                         insurance carrier.
                                                               Terms of the
                                                       transaction were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                        the deal was valued
                                                            at $55 million.
George Elkins         Walker & Dunlop                   Walker & Dunlop Inc
Mortgage Banking                  Inc                     agreed to acquire
Co,Los                                                        George Elkins
Angeles,California                                     Mortgage Banking Co,
                                                        a Los Angeles-based
                                                           provider of real
                                                              estate credit
                                                         services, from MMA
                                                         Capital Management
                                                        LLC. Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
IPC Lydon LLC           Warren Equity                         Warren Equity
                         Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                                acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                            interest in IPC
                                                              Lydon LLC, an
                                                        Avon-based provider
                                                                of building
                                                            services, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Northern Power                 WEG SA                   WEG SA of Brazil, a
Systems                                                         unit of WPA
Corp-Utility Wind                                           Participacoes e
assets                                                         Servicos SA,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                         to acquire utility
                                                             wind assets of
                                                             Northern Power
                                                            Systems Corp, a
                                                                Barre-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       turbines and turbine
                                                       generator set units.
Integrity            WeiserMazars LLP                      WeiserMazars LLP
Consulting                                              acquired the entire
Solutions LLC                                              share capital of
                                                       Integrity Consulting
                                                           Solutions LLC, a
                                                            Frederick-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             administrative
                                                             management and
                                                         general management
                                                       consulting services.
Prior Coated       Wismarq Industries                    Wismarq Industries
Metals Inc-Assets                 LLC                      LLC acquired the
                                                            assets of Prior
                                                         Coated Metals Inc,
                                                         an Allentown-based
                                                          provider of metal
                                                                coating and
                                                        surfacing services.
RespondWell Inc         Zimmer Biomet                         Zimmer Biomet
                         Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                       acquired RespondWell
                                                               Inc, a Grand
                                                       Rapids-based digital
                                                        health company that
                                                                 provides a
                                                         telerehabilitation
                                                               platform for
                                                       patients, outpatient
                                                             rehabilitation
                                                          clinics, hospital
                                                        systems, and senior
                                                           care facilities.
nfrastructure               Zones Inc                    Zones Inc acquired
Technologies LLC                                              nfrastructure
                                                          Technologies LLC.
                                                                The Clifton
                                                            Park-based firm
                                                                helps large
                                                        enterprises design,
                                                          build and operate
                                                           mission-critical
                                                                 technology
                                                            infrastructure.
US M&A Deals
Announced October
21 to October 27,
2016
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Thrifts Interstate Powers

                            June 14, 1989, Wednesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

 ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed
to buy California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal
banking is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1990, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1990. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616 SF203 (effective April 24, 1988)
add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and
Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states for banks, and MSA 51.058 allows
interstate branching for savings associations in the same states permitted to
banks.

MISSISSIPPI: Since 1982, thrifts from any state have been allowed to acquire
Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nonreciprocal
nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan. 1, 1989. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de novo institutions in the
state.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.
OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 2509 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              166 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Thrifts Interstate Powers

                              May 19, 1989, Friday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed
to buy California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal
banking is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1990, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1990. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616 SF203 (effective April 24, 1988)
add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and
Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states for banks, and MSA 51.058 allows
interstate branching for savings associations in the same states permitted to
banks.

MISSISSIPPI: Since 1982, thrifts from any state have been allowed to acquire
Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nonreciprocal
nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan. 1, 1989. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de novo institutions in the
state.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.
OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES ; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 2509 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              167 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Ruling Thrifts' Interstate Moves

                            April 11, 1989, Tuesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of these laws, or if there is other information
you would like to see included in future listings, please write to Robert Paul
Molay at the American Banker, One State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed
to buy California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal
banking is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1990, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1990. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616 SF203 (effective April 24, 1988)
add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and
Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states for banks, and MSA 51.058 allows
interstate branching for savings associations in the same states permitted to
banks.

MISSISSIPPI: Since 1982, thrifts from any state have been allowed to acquire
Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nonreciprocal
nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan. 1, 1989. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de novo institutions in the
state.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.
OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES ; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 2508 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              168 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

THRIFT TRIGGER DATES;
A Look at Laws Granting Thrifts Interstate Powers

                             March 7, 1989, Tuesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed
to buy California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal
banking is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1990, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1990. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. Out-of-state thrifts in the region may also set up
branches in the state, but only if their home states have reciprocal
legislation. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616 SF203 (effective April 24, 1988)
add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and
Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states for banks, and MSA 51.058 allows
interstate branching for savings associations in the same states permitted to
banks.

MISSISSIPPI: Since 1982, thrifts from any state have been allowed to acquire
Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NEVADA: Coupled with interstate banking legislation, Nevada passed interstate
provisions for thrifts in 1985. Under the law, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona,
Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and
Wyoming may acquire Nevada thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Nonreciprocal
nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan. 1, 1989. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de novo institutions in the
state.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.
OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 2509 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              169 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

BANK TRIGGER DATES

                          October 26, 1988, Wednesday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as
follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been in existence for
at least five years. Holding companies from Arkansas become eligible if that
state enacts reciprocal legislation.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking effective Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks. The laws restrict these operations to the credit card and consumer
lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law.  Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes
effective July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: Beginning July 13, 1986, holding companies from any state that offers
reciprocal privileges may acquire banks in Kentucky at the rate of three per
year. This limitation expires July 13, 1989. At all times, no company will be
allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis becomes effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. As of July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, are permitted to
enter the state. Arkansas, Georgia, and Tennessee lack the necessary reciprocal
laws; Mississippi was added to the list on July 1, 1988.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
Hawaii and Missouri have not passed the required laws. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a de novo office. On
Jan. 1, 1989, reciprocal restrictions will be dropped.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's law. However, in order
to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective July 1,
1989, Oregon will open its borders to nationwide interstate banking on a
nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Banking companies from any New England state may acquire banks in
this state. Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Rhode
Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state that have
been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 2999 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              170 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                December 4, 2012

                               GGG Resources PLC

                               70 Gray's Inn Road
                               London,   WC1X 8BT
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Auzex Resources Merges With GGG Resources

   Date: 5/3/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Auzex Resources Limited, an advanced gold exploration and development
company, has merged with GGG Resources PLC, a gold-silver exploration and
mining company.Under the terms of the agreement, Auzex shareholders will receive
0.909 GGG share for every Auzex share held.The merger will consolidate the
ownership of Bullabulling Gold project and will provide access to capital
markets in the United Kingdom and Australia. Deal History:Completed: On 29
March, 2012, Auzex merges with GGGUpdate7: On September 5, 2011, GGG closes the
offer to acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update6: On July 25, 2011, GGG
extended its offer period to acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update5:
On June 24, 2011, GGG extended its offer period to acquire all the ordinary
shares of Auzex.Update4: On June 10, 2011, GGG extended its offer period to
acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update3: On May 27, 2011, GGG extended
its offer period to acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update2: On May 19,
2011, a second supplementary Bidder's statement was launched to acquire all of
the ordinary shares in Auzex by GGG. Update1: On May 19, 2011, Baker Steel
Capital Managers a major shareholder of GGG holding 9.3% interest and Auzex
holding 10.2% rejects the acquisition. Announced: On May 3, 2011, GGG announces
merger offer for Auzex.


GGG Resources Enters Into Licensing Agreement With Auzex Resources

   Date: 9/28/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Auzex Resources Limited, an advanced gold exploration and development
company, has merged with GGG Resources PLC, a gold-silver exploration and
mining company.Under the terms of the agreement, Auzex shareholders will receive
0.909 GGG share for every Auzex share held.The merger will consolidate the
ownership of Bullabulling Gold project and will provide access to capital
markets in the United Kingdom and Australia. Deal History:Completed: On 29
March, 2012, Auzex merges with GGGUpdate7: On September 5, 2011, GGG closes the
offer to acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update6: On July 25, 2011, GGG
extended its offer period to acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update5:
On June 24, 2011, GGG extended its offer period to acquire all the ordinary
shares of Auzex.Update4: On June 10, 2011, GGG extended its offer period to
acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update3: On May 27, 2011, GGG extended
its offer period to acquire all the ordinary shares of Auzex.Update2: On May 19,
2011, a second supplementary Bidder's statement was launched to acquire all of
the ordinary shares in Auzex by GGG. Update1: On May 19, 2011, Baker Steel
Capital Managers a major shareholder of GGG holding 9.3% interest and Auzex
holding 10.2% rejects the acquisition. Announced: On May 3, 2011, GGG announces
merger offer for Auzex.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012


                              171 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            February 29, 2016 Monday
                                 First Edition

Westpac training questioned in dispute

BYLINE: Sarah Danckert

SECTION: FINANCIAL SERVICES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 702 words


The quality of the training Westpac provided for its own staff is under question
as a result of a legal dispute between vocational education outfits Acquire
Learning and Kaplan Australia.

The Demetriou family's Acquire Learning is suing Kaplan Australia and its parent
Kaplan Inc in the Supreme Court of Victoria for misleading and deceptive conduct
relating to its purchase of Kaplan's Franklyn Scholar in September for $10
million.

The new legal dispute for Acquire comes as the group faces action by the
Australian Competition and Consumer Commission while in the midst of suing
former staffers for allegedly stealing the company's secrets.

The one-time ASX listing hopeful, which boasts former AFL boss Andrew Demetriou
as an advisory board member, is believed to have put its $1 billion float on ice
while it sorts through its regulatory and legal issues.

In the most-recent writ Acquire Learning alleges Kaplan knew Franklyn Scholar
was in breach of regulatory guidelines, particularly in regards to the training
of staff at Westpac and Flight Centre.

Acquire Learning is yet to quantify its damages claim yet it says it has
suffered and continues to suffer losses over Kaplan's breach of warranty.

Kaplan International managing director Australia and New Zealand Rob Regan said
declined to provide detailed comment as the matter was before the courts.

"However, I want to make it very clear that we will be actively defending this
claim," Mr Regan said.

Acquire Learning chief executive Troy McDonagh said the company was disappointed
the issues "only came to light during an internal audit conducted by Acquire
Learning after its purchase of the college".

"The employees are our key concern and we are working closely with our business
partners to resolve any issues and ensure affected students receive a fair
outcome and all courses are of the highest quality."

According to court documents, Franklyn Scholar has since being acquired been
ordered by the Victorian government to repay as much as $6.75 million in funding
it received for a Certificate IV in Travel and Tourism over breaches relating to
"eligibility, participation, training quality and marketing" of the course to
students.

Westpac trained its own staff under an agreement with Franklyn Scholar in
Certificate III in financial services and Certificate III in banking services
that was in breach of regulatory guidelines, Acquire alleges.

"A preliminary review of the training and assessment materials identified that
there are deficiencies in the materials and they would not pass a quality
training services audit," Acquire alleges in court documents.

Further, Franklyn Scholar was obliged to get express permission from the NSW
government to allow Westpac to conduct its own training.

Acquire Learning's post acquisition review of a range of courses completed by
Flight Centre employees found the "training and assessment materials would fail
a Quality Review audit. The materials do not satisfy the Australian Quality
Framework."

Mr Harnden said he "refuted absolutely" that he told Ms Finlayson not to tell
Acquire representatives about Franklyn Scholar's problems. "I did not give any
coaching".

A spokesman for Westpac said its development programs were in line with
nationally recognised qualification standards and its services were provided by
Kaplan not Franklyn Scholar.

"We advocate for the removal of all sub-standard providers of RTO services
across the industry to ensure the investment people make in education and skill
development is recognised for the significant outcomes this has in their ability
to improve the financial literacy of Australians and meet professional standards
set for training and development," the spokesman added.

Westpac declined to say how many of its employees might be affected by Acquire's
allegations.

A spokesman for Flight Centre said the company had "comprehensive training
programs in place".

"For some of these, but not all, we work with Franklyn Scholar. We have not had
any concerns about these programs to date," the spokesman said.

"We are surprised by these allegations, given that the programs have been
subject to regular independent audits and they have achieved positive results,"
the spokesman said.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Acquire Learning Group managing director John Wall, left, and
advisory board member Andrew Demetriou.PHOTO: PATRICK SCALA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                          February 7, 1990, Wednesday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as
follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been
in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permitted regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law. Maryland and the District of Columbia were added to the region in
1987. Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes effective
July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: A 1985 law permits bank holding companies located anywhere in the
United States to acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. On July 13,
1989, a law expired that limited holding company acquisitions to three banks a
year. No company is allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in
Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas lacks the necessary reciprocal law.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that have currently been certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Michigan, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
Puerto Rico has also been certified.

Seven other states will meet New Jersey's reciprocal test when their laws become
effective: California (Jan. 1, 1991), Colorado (Jan. 1, 1991), Illinois (Dec. 1,
1990), Indiana (July 1, 1992), Nebraska (Jan. 1, 1991), New Mexico (Jan. 1,
1990), and Vermont (Feb. 1, 1990).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law (Title 6 of Oklahoma statutes, sections 504 507),
bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation may bid against in-state
banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions. Since July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from anywhere in the nation have been allowed to acquire healthy
Oklahoma institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's
home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists,
the out-of-state institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective that
became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 3116 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              173 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                          December 13, 1989, Wednesday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as
follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

 ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been
in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law. Maryland and the District of Columbia were added to the region in
1987. Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes effective
July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: A 1985 law permits bank holding companies located anywhere in the
United States to acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. On July 13,
1989, a law expired that limited holding company acquisitions to three banks a
year. No company is allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in
Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas lacks the necessary reciprocal law.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that have currently been certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Michigan, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
Puerto Rico has also been certified.

Seven other states will meet New Jersey's reciprocal test when their laws become
effective: California (Jan. 1, 1991), Colorado (Jan. 1, 1991), Illinois (Dec. 1,
1990), Indiana (July 1, 1992), Nebraska (Jan. 1, 1991), New Mexico (Jan. 1,
1990), and Vermont (Feb. 1, 1990).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law (Title 6 of Oklahoma statutes, sections 504 507),
bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation may bid against in-state
banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions. Since July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from anywhere in the nation have been allowed to acquire healthy
Oklahoma institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's
home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists,
the out-of-state institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective that
became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 3116 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              174 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                          November 15, 1989, Wednesday

Robert Paul Molay


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have enacted interstate banking legislation, as follows.
This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been
in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law. Maryland and the District of Columbia were added to the region in
1987. Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes effective
July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: A 1985 law permits bank holding companies located anywhere in the
United States to acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. On July 13,
1989, a law expired that limited holding company acquisitions to three banks a
year. No company is allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in
Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas lacks the necessary reciprocal law.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that have currently been certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Michigan, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
Puerto Rico has also been certified.

Seven other states will meet New Jersey's reciprocal test when their laws become
effective: California (Jan. 1, 1991), Colorado (Jan. 1, 1991), Illinois (Dec. 1,
1990), Indiana (July 1, 1992), Nebraska (Jan. 1, 1991), New Mexico (Jan. 1,
1990), and Vermont (Feb. 1, 1990).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law (Title 6 of Oklahoma statutes, sections 504 507),
bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation may bid against in-state
banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions. Since July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from anywhere in the nation have been allowed to acquire healthy
Oklahoma institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's
home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists,
the out-of-state institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective that
became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 3115 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              175 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                            October 16, 1989, Monday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate
thrift laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers
identifying the laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if
there is other information you would like to see included in future
listings, please write to Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1
State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87
152), effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift
holding companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama,
Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
the District of Columbia) to acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a
reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts
along with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks.
Reciprocity is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation
allows out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after
June 30, 1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984,
has protection from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years
old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North
Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to
acquire Arkansas thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington
have been allowed to buy California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full
nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a
Colorado thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that
has generally reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or
acquisitions of Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even
after this date, no acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an
entity that would control more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured
deposits of banks, thrifts, and other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey,
Ohio, and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a
reciprocal basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia
may enter the state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their
respective regional compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow
thrifts from any state in the union to enter the state on a reciprocal
basis. An opt-out provision permits stockholders of any in-state
institution to exempt itself from interstate acquisition before or after
the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a
regional thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of
Columbia thrift or thrift holding company that has been in operation two
years or more, if  permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval
of the D.C. superintendent is required, subject to override by the
District Council. Protection against hostile takeovers is provided.
Branching is also permitted, provided that a proposal is filed for meeting
deposit and credit needs of the community. Such branches must cash
government checks for nonaccount holders within target development areas.
This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was
passed in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire
Georgia thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks
and thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does
not hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept.
10, 1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to
control or own more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the
acquiring company's home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in
Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a
reciprocal basis. However, no out-of-state association may acquire more
than 15% of thrift deposits in the state. The legislation took effect
Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted
to acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The
legislation reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include
"foreign" associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings
and loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch
offices in any other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges
for state-chartered savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and
effective July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to
acquire three Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when
unrestricted reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted.
No company will be allowed to control more than 15% of savings and loan
deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect
Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in
effect in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the
reciprocity requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows
savings and loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
to acquire Maryland thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island,
Vermont, and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July
7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota,
South Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota
savings and loans or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis.
MSA 51.058, effective in 1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri,
Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any
state are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal
basis, subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky,
Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings
institutions on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect
Jan. 1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to
operate de novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire
New Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also
has a provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of
state acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift
holding companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a
reciprocal basis. The second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988,
triggered by reciprocal laws in Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan,
New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and
Wyoming. The banking commissioner has determined that these states now
meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity and that 4 of those 13 are
among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New Mexico and Louisiana have
been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift
holding company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding
company that has been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th
Legislature, 2d session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as
amended.) There are no reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions.
De novo entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding
companies from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a
reciprocal basis, for a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law
was made permanent and extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA:  Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas,
Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may enter this state on a reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.
OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution
may acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings
institutions. The in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years
old before they can be acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to
acquire Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However,
federally chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions
in Oregon must have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New
Jersey, Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on
a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers
took effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy
South Carolina thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is
reciprocal. Unlike the protection granted the state's banks, South
Carolina thrifts less than five years old are not protected against
hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.

SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules
that apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans
are not considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted
to acquire Tennessee thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and
operate branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or
national banking compact. Current state banking law, according to the
Texas Savings and Loan League, allows any financial or nonfinancial
institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire
Utah savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts
within the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings
and loans on a reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's
legislation also allows for nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb.
1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire
Virginia savings and loans on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in
state savings and loan being acquired must be at least two years old. The
law also states that at least 80% of the deposits of the acquiring
institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate
state regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined
that thrift interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in
the union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in
state institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been
permitted to acquire Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges
on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have
been permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law
was designed as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under
the same rules. It does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however,
that the charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at
least three years old.

The American Banker

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 2794 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              176 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

THRIFT TRIGGER DATES: A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                          September 12, 1989, Tuesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987, thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed
to buy California thrifts on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal
banking is permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 permits savings and loans in Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis.
However, no out-of-state association may acquire more than 15% of thrift
deposits in the state. The legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan.
1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de
novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.
OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey,
Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia have been
permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts, but only on a reciprocal basis.

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 39

LENGTH: 2437 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              177 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 13, 1984 Tuesday

27 investment plans   approved by FIRA

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 899 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has disallowed two foreign investment
 proposals and approved 27 following review by the Foreign Investment
 Review Agency.

The proposals disallowed were by:
    Shawkat E. Charania and Sakina S. Charania of Pennsauken, N.J., both
 citizens of Pakistan, to establish a business at Brampton, Ont., to
 operate a franchised Pizza Hut restaurant.

King Arthur Clock Co. of Canada Ltd., Toronto, which is wholly owned by
 Greater Gulf States Industries of Fairhope, Ala., to establish a business
 at Toronto to assemble and market grandfather clocks.

The proposals allowed were by:
    Audio Systems Inc. of Louisville, Ky., to establish a business at
 Scarborough, Ont., initially to distribute and later to manufacture
 automotive sound products.

Columbia-Great Lakes Corp. of Dayton, Ohio, to establish a business at
 Toronto to manufacture inked ribbons and carbon paper.

Compagnie Petroliere Imperiale Ltee of Montreal, which is ultimately
 owned by Exxon Corp. of New York, to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Gestion Roger Guillot Inc. under the name Garage Beauport
 Enr. of Beauport, Que.

Compo Industries Inc. of Waltham, Mass., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Heuga Canada Ltd. of Cornwall, Ont.

Cotecna Inspection SA of Switzerland to establish a business at
 Montreal to inspect and test shipments of agricultural products and
 commodities as well as shipments of machinery and equipment.

Driver-Harris Co. of Harrison, N.J., to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Amax Specialty Metals (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto.

Enerflo Inc. of Rancho Santa Fe, Calif., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by General Tire Canada Ltd., consisting of its
 Johnston Pump division at Toronto.

GTEPCT Corp. of Danvers, Mass., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
 GTE Corp. of Stamford, Conn., to acquire control of the business carried
 on by Valenite-Modco Ltd. of Windsor, Ont.

Interactive Entertainment Inc. of Toronto, which is owned 60 per cent
 by Maple Interactive Entertainment Ltd., also of Toronto, and 40 per cent
 by Reduffusion Simulation Ltd. of Britain, to establish a business at
 Toronto to design and sell flight simulator based entertainment.

IS Sea Farm AS and Co. of Norway to establish a business at Saint John
 to produce and sell smolt.

KTG Glassworks Technology Inc. of Pittsburgh, which is a wholly owned
 subsidiary of King Taudevin and Gregson (Holdings) Ltd. of Britain, to
 acquire control of the business carried on by Milton Glass Construction
 Ltd. of Milton, Ont.

Berend J.R. Kuipers and Victoria Elizabeth Kuipers-Abbey of Montreal,
 both Dutch citizens, to establish a business at Montreal to reclaim
 valuable metals from scrap electrical-electronic equipment.

Liquid Carbonic Inc. of Scarborough, which is wholly owned by Liquid
 Carbonic Corp. of Chicago, to acquire control of the business carried on
 by Oxygene des Cantons de l'Est Inc. of Sherbrooke, Que.

Christina Lai-ee Lo of Hong Kong and Cafe Supreme F et P Ltee of
 Brassard, Que., to acquire control of the business carried on by Cafe
 Supreme F et P Ltee, consisting of a restaurant located at Place Longueuil
 in Longueuil, Que.

Ryan Wing Hung Mak of Hong Kong to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Sertamin Darwin known as Image Hair and Facial Studio of
 Gloucester, Ont.

Steven Allen Serber of Toronto and Siegfreid Djon Biermar of
 Switzerland, an Austrian citizen, to establish a business at Toronto to
 manufacture electromedical equipment.

Sim-Kay Products Co. Inc. of Detroit to establish a business at Windsor
 to manufacture foundry patterns, models, molds, castings and related
 products used by foundries serving the automotive industry.

Support Systems International Inc. off Charleston, S.C., to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Bermedic Medical Systems Ltd. of St.
 Lambert, Que.

Sylvan Learning Corp. of Bellevue, Wash., to establish a business at
 Vancouver to sell Sylvan Learning Centre franchises to Canadians, as well
 as to provide related support services.

Taylor Freezers Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., which is owned by five U.S.
 citizens, to acquire control of the business carried on by Bazinet Inc. of
 Montreal.

KBI Corp. of Findlay, Ohio, to establish a business in Ontario to
 provide hazardous material clean-up services.

Union Carbide Canada Ltd. of Toronto, which is owned 75 per cent by
 Union Carbide Corp. of Danbury, Conn., and 25 per cent by Canadian
 citizens, to acquire control of the business carried on by Niagara Welders
 Supply Ltd. of St. Catharines and Welland, Ont.

Union Carbide Canada Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of the business
 carried on by Richelieu Welding Supplies Ltd. of St. Hubert, Que.

U.S. Industries Inc. of Stamford, Conn., to acquire control of the
 business carried on by Dual-Lite Product Ltd. of St. Leonard, Que.

Westone Laboratories Inc. of Colorado Springs, Col., to establish a
 business at Calgary to manufacture custom earmolds for hearing aids.

William Houde Ltee of St. Jacques le Mineur, Que., which is controlled
 by Societe Reno Engrais et Produits Chemiques SA of France, to acquire
 control of the business carried on by Les Engrais Toupin Inc. of
 Henryville, Que.

Worley International Engineering Group Ltd. of Britain to establish a
 business at Halifax to provide design engineering, project management and
 construction supervision services to the oil and natural gas production
 industry.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Goldome's Fla. Bid Approved;
FHLBB Allows Mutual to Acquire Two S&Ls

                             June 13, 1983, Monday

By LAURA L. MULCAHY

DATELINE: NEW YORK


After several months of waiting, Goldome Bank for Savings has received approval
from federal regulators to acquire, through an unusual interstate deal, a
stock-owned savings and loan association in Florida. As part of the deal,
Goldome also acquired a smaller, troubled Florida S&L that regulators wanted to
match up with a stronger institution.

A spokesman for the Buffalo-based mutual savings bank said Goldome presented the
idea to the regulators in an effort to expedite approval of the application to
acquire Palmetto Federal Savings and Loan Association.

Goldome filed a separate application to acquire the ailing Guaranty Savings and
Loan Association of St. Petersburg, Fla. The mutual did not pay for Guaranty, it
simply agreed to takeover the S&L without assistance from the Federal Savings
and Loan Insurance Corp., according to Goldome.

Goldome last November filed an application with the Federal Home Loan Bank Board
to acquire Palmetto Federal.

The Bank Board at a closed session late Thursday approved both acquisitions.

Guaranty's Performance

Guaranty has grown quickly since it was founded in 1960. About three years ago
the association had $165 million in assets and eight offices, compared to $530
million in assets and 19 offices today. For the fiscal year ending Sept. 30,
1983, it expects to post a profit of $1 million.

According to figures compiled by Sheshunoff & Company, a consulting firm based
in Austin, Tex., the thrift at the end of 1982 returned 27% on assets of more
than $312 million. Although this does not indicate a particularly strong
performance, it was the 13th best in a state where 96 of 118 S&Ls had negative
returns on assets.

However, in 1982 Guaranty's net worth of 1.7% of assets was 11th lowest in
Florida, according to Sheshunoff.

In its acquisition of Palmetto, Goldome became the first mutual savings bank to
receive regulatory approval to acquire an out-of-state, publicly held S&L.

The Goldome spokesman said there was never any statement by the Bank Board that
the Palmetto application would be denied. However, the Bank Board in general has
encouraged thrifts acquiring healthy institutions in attractive markets to
acquire a less profitable one as well.

Two other savings banks, both based in New York City, have applications pending
to acquire stock-owned S&Ls in Florida, but neither involves the application to
acquire a troubled institution.

Metropolitan Savings Bank last December applied to acquire First City Federal
Savings and Loan Association of Bradenton, and the Bowery Savings Bank last
summer proposed to acquire Commonwealth Savings and Loan Association of Margate,
Fla.

Each application was made through New York State's leeway provision, which
allows state-chartered savings banks to invest a portion of their assets or net
worth in any kind of company except a commercial bank.

However, the Depository Institutions Act of 1982 provides that in-state
institutions in the same industry be allowed to acquire a company, if they offer
the best bid.

The Bank Board did ask other institutions to bid for Guaranty after it received
the Goldome offer, apparently to fulfill requirements set forth in the the act,
one potential bidder said. However, the thrift executive who was asked to bid
said, ''We looked at Guaranty and were prepared to put in an offer, but if we
put in a bid, it would have required assistance.''

A spokesman for the Bank Board said the the agency Thursday approved Guaranty's
conversion from mutual to stock form to facilitate a supervisory merger. Goldome
was then allowed to obtain 100% of the new company's shares.

In a second decision, the Bank Board approved Goldome's application of Palmetto
Federal through a newly formed subsidiary called the Goldome Florida Holding Co.

Both Florida S&Ls will retain their identities and be operated as separate
subsidiaries, Goldome's spokesman said.

The acquisitions would increase the Buffalo mutual's assets to more than $10.25
billion and mark its entry into the Florida retail banking market.

Palmetto stockholders will vote on the merger later this summer.

Under the Palmetto merger agreement, each share of Palmetto common stock
outstanding on the effective date of the merger will be exchanged for $33 in
cash, or a total value of $38 million.

Palmetto has 23 offices along the west coast of Florida and in the central part
of the state. It has assets of $750 million. Guaranty's 19 offices are located
mainly on the west coast of the state, but the Goldome spokesman said none of
the two institutions' locations overlap.

Goldome has 80 offices in New York State and is the second largest savings bank
in the nation.

SECTION: THRIFTS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 786 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                              179 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                                 August 2, 2010

Data Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10 Vol. 23 No. 31

LENGTH: 1815  words


Target / Acquiror

Synopsis

AmeriCredit Corp / General Motors Co

US - General Motors Co, a unit of state-owned United States Department of the
Treasury's Vehicle Acquisitions Holdings LLC subsidiary, definitively agreed to
acquire the entire share capital of AmeriCredit Corp, a Fort Worth-based
provider of automotive financing services, from Leucadia National Corp (25.
02%), Fairholme Capital Management LLC (24.24%), Columbia Wanger Asset
Management LP (7.5%), and other undisclosed shareholders, for USD 24.5 in cash
per share, or a total value of USD 3.314 bil.

Athena Partners Org-Asts / DS Waters of America Inc

US - DS Waters of America Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Kelso & Co, acquired the
Athena bottled water brand and other assets of Athena Partners Organization, a
Seattle-based provider of research and development services.

Bentley Oil & Gas Corp / JP Energy Partners LP

US - JP Energy Partners LP acquired bankrupt Bentley Oil & Gas Corp, a San
Antonio- based oil and gas exploration and production company, in a leveraged
buyout transaction. The transaction included Sonterra Energy Corp.

Bluelinx Holdings Inc / Cerberus Capital Management LP

US - Cerberus Capital Management LP planned to acquire the remaining 44.61%
stake, or 14.577 mil common shares, which it did not already own, in Bluelinx
Holdings Inc, an Atlanta- based wholesaler of building products, via a tender
offer for USD 3.4 in cash per share, or a total value of USD 49. 562 mil.

E-Views Safety Systems Inc / EGPI Firecreek Inc

US - EGPI Firecreek Inc definitively agreed to acquire E-Views Safety Systems
Inc, a Agoura Hills- based provider of traffic control services.

Emerson Process-iTrax Asset / BSM Technologies Inc

US - BSM Technologies Inc of Canada agreed to acquire the iTrax fixed asset
monitoring business of Emerson Process Management, a Chanhassen- based provide
of process automation services and a unit of Emerson Electric Co.

First National Bank, Savannah / Savannah Bank NA

US - Savannah Bank NA acquired the certain assets of First National Bank,
Savannah, a Savanah-based commercial bank.

Gorman & Gorman Home Loans / F&M Bank & Trust Co

US - F&M Bank and Trust Co agreed to merge with Gorman and Gorman Home Loans, a
St. Louis-based provider of mortgage banking services.

GovernanceMetrics Intl / The Corporate Library

US - GovernanceMetrics International LLC merged with The Corporate Library, a
Portland-based provider of corporate governance research and analysis service.
Terms were not disclosed.

Life Protection Inc / GreenHouse Holdings Inc

US - Greenhouse Holdings Inc (Greenhouse) definitively agreed to acquire the
entire share capital of Life Protection Inc, a Grifton- based provider of
facility construction services, in exchange for 1.119 mil Greenhouse common
shares valued at USD 4.453 mil. The shares were valued based on Greenhouse's
closing stock price of USD 3.98 on 21 July 2010, the last full trading day prior
to the announcement.

Luxury Multifamily Communities / Investor Group

US - An investor group, comprised of Harvard Multifamily REIT I Inc and PGGM
Private Real Estate Fund of the Netherlands, through its joint venture company
acquired two luxury multifamily communities, comprised of Briar Forest Lofts and
Fitzhugh Urban flats, located in Texas.

Millrock-Monte Crisco,St.Eugen / Brixton Metals Corp

US - Brixton Metals Corp (Brixton) was granted an option to acquire the Monte
Cristo and St. Eugene properties, located in Kahiltna region, Alaska, from
Millrock Resources Inc, a Vancouver-based metal mining company, for USD 5.35m
mil. The consideration was to consist of USD 5.35 mil and undisclosed Brixton
stock and warrants.

Three Bridge Wealth Advisors / HighTower Advisors LLC

US - HighTower Advisors LLC acquired Three Bridge Wealth Advisors, a Menlo
Park-based provider of financial services.

Picis Inc / Ingenix Inc

US - Ingenix Inc, a unit of UnitedHealth Group Inc, definitively agreed to merge
with Picis Inc, a Wakefield- based provider of healthcare information technology
services.

Quicksilver Gas Services LP / Crestwood Midstream Partners

US - Crestwood Midstream Partners II LLC definitively agreed to acquire a 33.53%
stake, or 5.697 mil common units, in Quicksilver Gas Resources LP, a Forth
Worth- based provider of natural gas processing services, from Quicksilver
Resources Inc, for USD 1.001 bil. The consideration was to consist of USD 701
mil in cash, the assumption of USD 228 mil in liabilities, and up to USD 72 mil
in profit-related payments.

Safety Tubs LLC / American Standard Brands

US - American Standard Brands acquired Safety Tubs LLC, a Grand Prairie-based
manufacturer of walk-in bathtubs. Terms were not disclosed.

Snyder's of Hanover Inc / Lance Inc

US - Lance Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Snyder's of Hanover Inc, a Hanover-based producer and wholesaler of pretzels and
chips, in a stock swap transaction valued at USD 394.469 mil based on Lance's
closing stock price of USD 16.25 on 21 July 2010, the last full trading day
prior to the announcement, less USD 3.75 dividend premium paid per Lance
shareholder. The transaction was structured as a merger of equals, Lance and
Snyder's shareholders each holding a 50% interest in the combined company, which
was to be renamed Snyder's Lance Inc.

Signature LegalCare / Hyatt Legal Plans Inc

US - Hyatt Legal Plans Inc, a wholly-owned unit of MetLife Inc, acquired
Signature LegalCare, a South Barrington- based provider of group legal plan
services, from Allstate Corp. Terms were not disclosed.

SigmaQuest Inc / Camstar Systems Inc

US - Camstar Systems Inc acquired SigmaQuest Inc, a Sunnyvale-based provider of
saas (software as a service) services.

Tappan Wire & Cable Inc / Southwire Co Inc

US - Southwire Co Inc acquired Tappan Wire & Cable Inc, a Blauvelt-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of voltage cables and wires.

TuVox / West Interactive

US - West Interactive, a unit of West Corp has acquired TuVox, a Cupertino-based
developer of speech software.

Virtual Devices Inc / DoMark International Inc

US - DoMark International Inc (DoMark) agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of Virtual Devices Inc, a Pittsburgh-based provider of data input
technology services, in exchange for an undisclosed amount in DoMark common
shares.

American Plant Services Inc / Mountain Renewables Inc

US - Mountain Renewables Inc (Mountain) planned to acquire American Plant
Services Inc, a provider of janitorial services. Concurrently, Mountain planned
to acquire Mobile Fluid Recovery Inc, Arcis Energy Inc and Gulf Coast Energy
Distribution LLC.

Conway Svcs Heating,Cooling / ARS/Rescue Rooter

US - ARS/Rescue Rooter, a unit of American Residential Services LLC, acquired
Services Heating & Cooling, a Memphis-based provider of air conditioning,
heating and plumbing services.

Crescent Bk & Trust Co-Bkg Ops / Renasant Bank

US - Renasant Bank, a wholly- owned unit of Renasant Corp acquired the banking
operations of Jasper-based bankrupt Crescent Bank & Trust Co, a wholly-owned
unit of Crescent Banking Co.

Genzyme Corp / Sanofi-Aventis SA

US - Sanofi-Aventis SA of France was rumored to be planning to acquire the
entire share capital of Genzyme Corp, a Cambridge- based biotechnology company.

Gulf Coast Energy Distribution / Mountain Renewables Inc

US - Mountain Rewables Inc (Mountain) agreed to acquire the entire share capital
of Gulf Coast Energy Distribution LLC, a Birmingham-based wholesaler of fuel
products. Concurrently, Mountain agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Arcis Energy Inc.

Mobile Fluid Recovery Inc / Mountain Renewables Inc

US - Mountain Renewables Inc (Mountain) planned to acquire Mobile Fluid Recovery
Inc, an Evansville-based provider of janitorial and recycling services.
Concurrently, Mountain planned to acquire American Plant Services Inc. The
consideration for the two transactions was to consist of the issuance of 8.8 mil
Mountain common shares. Concurrently, Mountain agreed to acquire Arcis Energy
Inc and Gulf Coast Energy Distribution LLC.

Playdom Inc / Walt Disney Co

US - Walt Disney Co was rumored to be planning to acquire Playdom Inc, a
Mountain View-based developer of gaming software.

Southern Copper Corp / Americas Mining Corp

US - Americas Mining Corp (Americas), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Grupo Mexico
SAB de CV, planned to acquire the remaining 20% stake, or 170 mil common shares,
in Southern Copper Corp, a Phoenix-based copper mining company, in exchange for
America's common stock.

Spectrum K12 School Solutions / Scantron Corp

US - Scantron Corp, a wholly- owned unit of M&F Worldwide Corp's Harland Clarke
Holdings Corp subsidiary, acquired Spectrum K12 School Solutions Inc, a
Towson-based developer of educational software. Terms were not disclosed.

Sterling Bank, Lantana, Florida / IBERIABANK, Lafayette, Louisiana

US - IBERIABANK, a unit of IBERIABANK Corp acquired the assets of Lantana-based
bankrupt Sterling Bank, a wholly-owned unit of Sterling Bancgroup Inc.

Arcis Energy Inc / Mountain Renewables Inc

US - Mountain Renewables Inc (Mountain) agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of Arcis Energy Inc, a provider of natural gas distribution services.
Concurrently, Mountain agreed to acquire Gulf Coast Energy Distribution LLC. The
consideration for the two transactions was to consist of the issuance of 13.2
mil new Mountain common shares. Concurrently, Mountain planned to acquire
American Plant Services Inc and Mobile Fluid Recovery Inc.

iTradeNetwork Inc / Roper Industries Inc

US - Roper Industries Inc agreed to acquire iTradeNetwork Inc, a
Pleasanton-based developer of supply chain management software, from Accel-KKR
LLC, a joint venture between Accel Partners and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co LP,
for USD 525 mil in cash.

2Wire Inc / Pace PLC

US - Pace PLC of the UK planned to acquire 2Wire Inc, a San Jose-based
manufacturer of broadband products, for USD 475 mil in cash.

Murphy Oil Corp-Refineries(3) / Seeking Buyer

US - In July 2010, Murphy Oil Corp, an El Dorado-based oil and gas exploration
and production company, announced that it was seeking a buyer for its three
refineries.

Philosophy Inc / Seeking Buyer

US - In 22 July 2010, Carlyle Group LLC was rumored to be seeking a buyer for
its Philosophy Inc unit, a Phoenix-based manufacturer and retailer of personal
care products, via auction.

Spirit Finance Corp / Seeking Buyer

US - In July 2010, Redford Holdco LLC, a unit of Macquarie Group Ltd's Macquarie
Bank Ltd subsidiary and Kaupthing Bank hf, was rumored to be seeking a buyer for
Spirit Finance Corp, a Scottsdale-based real estate investment trust {REIT}.

InterGen NV / Seeking Buyer

US - GMR Infrastructure Ltd of India (GMR), a majority- owned unit of GMR
Holdings Ltd, was rumored that it was seeking a buyer for its 50% interest in
InterGen NV, a Burlington-based electric utility company, a 50:50- owned unit of
GMR and Ontario Teachers Pension Plan {OTPP}.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2010 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 July 13, 2010

                                Opus Corporation

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Griffin Land & Nurseries acquires an industrial building in Pennsylvania from
Opus East

   Date: Jan 11, 2010

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


Kaiser Permanente acquires an office building in San Diego

   Date: Nov 17, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


St. John Properties acquires an office building and land in Harford County

   Date: Oct 23, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


NorthMarq Capital acquires Opus Property Services

   Date: Oct 06, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


PCCP acquires 121 Lakepointe Crossing in Lewisville from Opus West

   Date: Sep 09, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


CB Richard Ellis Realty Trust acquires Crest Ridge Corporate Center from Opus
Northwest

   Date: Aug 18, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


Sherman Residential acquires Alexan Paradise Lane from Trammell Crow Residential
and Opus West Corp

   Date: Jun 24, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


St. John Properties acquires Opus East Business Park in Aberdeen

   Date: Jun 23, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


Sherman Residential acquires Peoria Apartments from Trammell Crow Residential
and Opus

   Date: Jun 22, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.


Aethercomm acquires Industrial Building in Carlsbad from Opus

   Date: Mar 02, 2009

   Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc., a real estate property development company,
completed the acquisition of 120,000 Sq. Ft. industrial building in
Breinigsville, Pennsylvania, from a subsidiary of Opus East, L.L.C., a
full-service design-build development firm. The purchase consideration for the
acquisition was $6.4 million.

The property is located at the major industrial areas in the Lehigh Valley,
which was built in 2007 and is fully leased to Olympus Corporation of the
Americas for the next six years and three months. Along with the industrial
building, the company planned to acquire 51 acres land property, for a combined
purchase consideration of $8.2 million.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Events
History                                 Investments
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010


                              181 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                          September 27, 1990, Thursday


Only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that permit some
kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and the
remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as follows. If
there is other information you would like to see included in future listings,
please write to Terence Bormann at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza,
New York, N.Y. 10004.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been
in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Since May 31, 1984,
Arizona financial institutions less than five years old have been protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permitted regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986 and effective in July 1987 allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Public Act 90-2, effective March 19, 1990, expanded its New England
regional interstate banking law to allow banking institutions and holding
companies from outside New England to acquire Connecticut banking institutions
and holding companies on a reciprocal basis. The act also allows out-of-state
holding companies to establish de novo banking institutions and holding
companies in Connecticut on a reciprocal basis, beginning Feb. 1, 1992.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 and effective Jan. 1, 1988, allows banks from
the District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to
acquire Delaware banks on a reciprocal basis. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in-state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - took effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up wholesale-oriented single-office banks restricted
to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law. Maryland and the District of Columbia were added to the region in
1987. Mississippi was included when its reciprocal law became effective, on July
1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from the contiguous states of
Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. IC
28-2-15-1, passed in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective
June 1, 1987, adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and Wisconsin to the compact. No out-of-state bank holding company may
acquire more than 12% of the total deposits of all financial institutions in the
state. Full nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes into effect July 1,
1992 (IC 28-2-16-1).

IOWA: Under a 1970 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., was permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest's operations in
Iowa were grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. In 1990, the
Iowa Legislature adopted HF 685, permitting regional interstate banking from
Jan. 1, 1991 for the contiguous states of Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri,
Nebraska, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.

KENTUCKY: A 1985 law permits bank holding companies located anywhere in the
United States to acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. On July 13,
1989, a law expired that limited holding company acquisitions to three banks a
year. No company is allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in
Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986 and effective July 1987,
banking companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added
to the list July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is
included if it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a
reciprocal basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas lacks the necessary reciprocal law.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Since Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state have been permitted to
acquire Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in
Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a
reciprocal basis under a law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Since July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia
have been permitted to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired. Since July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations have been permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Governor Judd Gregg signed SB 387 into law on April 13, 1990,
permitting nationwide interstate banking. This law expands state deposit caps on
banks to 20% from 15% and grants authority to the bank commissioner to waive the
20% rule with the concurrence of the attorney general's office under the same
criteria that federal regulators use in a merger, consolidation, or acquisition
of an unhealthy institution. Legislation enacted in 1987, allowing New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years, has been retained.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that have been certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey Banking
Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine,
Michigan, Nevada, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Vermont Washington, West Virginia, and
Wyoming. Puerto Rico has also been certified.

Five other states are to meet the reciprocity test when their laws become
effective: Illinois (Dec. 1, 1990); California, Colorado, and Nebraska (all on
Jan. 1, 1991), and Indiana (July 1, 1992).  NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the
state legislature passed full interstate legislation for commercial banks, with
no reciprocity requirements and no geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1,
1990. To enter New Mexico a depository institution must have operated
continuously for at least five years. De novo entry will be allowed from July 1,
1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi has been included
since its nationwide reciprocal law became effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas
becomes eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Since Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill,
effective Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois,
Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the
state's bank and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and
the District of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law (Title 6 of Oklahoma statutes, sections 504 507),
bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation may bid against in-state
banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions. Since July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from anywhere in the nation have been allowed to acquire healthy
Oklahoma institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's
home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists,
the out-of-state institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law that became
effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide interstate
banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks were allowed in the state
beginning March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Under RIGL (1956) 19-30, effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from any
state may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature opened the state to
reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis. Insurance activities of
banks are still limited to the extent that such activities "cannot compete to
the substantial detriment of South Dakota companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state have been permitted
to acquire healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Since Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, and Rhode Island have been permitted to acquire Vermont banks. Since
Feb. 1, 1990, banks from any state have been allowed to acquire Vermont banks on
a reciprocal basis.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi was
added to this list since its reciprocal law became effective, on July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Since Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any state
have been permitted to acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings
and loans, but only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at
least two years old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 3272 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              182 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 21, 1982 Saturday

34 foreign ventures   allowed by Cabinet

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 1126 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The federal Cabinet has allowed 34 of 35 foreign investment
 proposals after review by the Foreign Investment Review Agency.

It did not allow:
    ACI Campgrounds Ltd. of Surrey, B.C., owned by American Campgrounds
 Ltd. of Bellevue, Wash., and 245428 Alberta Ltd. of Calgary, owned by a
 group of Canadians, to acquire control of South Beach Holdings Ltd. of
 Penticton, B.C.

FIRA did allow:
    ACI Campgrounds Ltd. of Surrey to develop and operate a campground at
 Red Deer, Alta.

Adesco Inc. of Tulsa, Okla., to start a business in Vancouver to market
 and administer an extended car service and warranty program.

Three residents of Inglewood, N.J., to establish a business at Tilbury,
 Ont., to publish and distribute a bimonthly magazine called Scientific
 Agriculture, mainly for export.

Two proposals of Computalog Gearhart Ltd. of Calgary, controlled by
 Gearhart Industries Inc. of Fort Worth, Tex., to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Great Guns Servicing Ltd. of Estevan, Sask., and
 Wescan Perforating Co. Ltd. of Lloydminster, Alta.

CPK Holdings Inc. of White Plains, N.Y., a subsidiary of Clevepak
 Corp., to acquire control of Torin Manufacturing (Canada) Ltd. of
 Oakville, Ont., a subsidiary of Torin Corp. of Torrington, Conn.

Esselte AB of Sweden to acquire control of Letraset Canada Ltd.,
 Charles T. Brainbridge's Sons (Canada) Ltd. and Loomis and Toles Co. Ltd.
 of Toronto, controlled by Letraset Ltd. of Britain.

Far East Trading Co. Ltd. of St. John's to import and distribute exotic
 gift and household items and to export fish products.

Fibic Corp. of New York to acquire control of Curtis Industries of
 Canada Ltd., Toronto, a subsidiary of Congoleum Corp. of Milwaukee.

Guintoli Freres SA of France to acquire control of the Legace Division
 of Campagnie Canfarge Ltee of Montreal, controlled by Lafarge Coppee SA of
 France.

Haemonetics Corp. of Braintree, Mass., to start a business in Toronto,
 to market and service blood processing equipment, used in clinics and
 hospitals.

Infotron Systems Corp. of Cherry Hill, N.J., to establish a business in
 Toronto, initially to import and distribute and later to manufacture data
 communications equipment.

Lewis Berger (Overseas Holdings) Ltd. of Britain and Hoechst Canada
 Inc. of Montreal, both controlled by Hoechst AG of West Germany, to
 acquire control of Korzite Industries Ltd. of Guelph, Ont.

A resident of Fontenay-Le-Vicomte, France, to start a business in
 Montreal, initially to distribute in Canada and abroad frozen food
 products and eventually to establish a packaging and freezing plant in the
 St-Jean, Que., area.

Mazal Ubracha (1970) Ltd. of Israel to start a business in Toronto to
 import and sell polished, unset diamonds and manufacture high-fashion
 jewelry.

Two proposals by Multicore Solders Ltd. of Britain, a subsidiary of
 Kelsey Industries PLC of Britain, and a Montreal resident. One proposal is
 for the acquisition of PAT Machine Shop Inc.-Les Ateliers PAT Inc. of
 Montreal, which manufactures general machinery and specialized equipment
 for the lead industry, and Gauthier Non-Ferrous Products Inc., also of
 Montreal, which manufactures lead and tin-based wire solders, lead blocks
 for shielding radioactive products and lead castings. The other proposal
 is to start a business in Montreal to manufacture soldering materials and
 distribute specialty chemicals and related items to solder users.

Polaris Industries Inc. of Minneapolis, Minn., to acquire control of
 the snowmobile business of the Polaris-E-Z-GO Division of Textron Canada
 Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by Textron Inc. of Providence, R.I..

P. T. Components Inc. of Indianapolis to acquire control of the power
 transmission division of FMC of Canada Ltd., Toronto, a subsidiary of FMC
 Corp. of Chicago.

Second Chance Body Armor of Canada Ltd. of Sault Ste. Marie, Ont.,
 owned by three U.S. residents, to establish a business at Sault Ste. Marie
 to make protective body armor.

Sinclair and Rush Inc. of St. Louis, Mo., to start a business in
 Mississauga, Ont., initially to distribute and later to manufacture vinyl
 plastic products.

Smithkline Beckman Corp. of Philadelphia to acquire control of the
 businesses carried on by Beckman Instruments Inc., consisting of its
 Analytical Instruments Sales and Services division, its Process
 Instruments Control Group and its Beckman Electronic Technologies Group of
 British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario and Quebec.

Texstyrene Plastics Inc. of Dallas, owned 85 per cent by Philp Co. of
 Dallas, and 15 per cent by two U.S. citizens, to acquire control of
 Texstyrene Canada Inc. of Baie d'Urfe, Que., a subsidiary of Texstyrene
 Plastics Inc. of the United States.

UMC Industries Inc. of Stamford, Conn., to start a business in North
 Bay, Ont., to make glass fibre reinforced plastic products.

Witco Chemical Corp. of New York to acquire control of Richardson
 Graphics Canada Ltd. of Toronto, owned by Richardson Co. of Des Plaines,
 Ill.

Xytel Corp. of Mt. Prospect, Ill., to start a business in Toronto or
 Ottawa to design, build and operate automatic computer-controlled models
 and pilot plants of research systems for the processing of gases and
 liquids at extremely high pressures and temperatures.

A resident of Bethel Park, Pa., and two residents of West Homestead,
 Pa., to establish a business in Mississauga to make specialty chemical
 products used for decontaminating property damaged by smoke.

Canadian General Electric Co. Ltd. of Toronto, controlled by General
 Electric Co. of Fairfield, Conn., to acquire control of Sheafer-Townsend
 Construction Ltd. of Hamilton.

George Wimpey Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a subsidiary of George Wimpey
 Ltd. of Britain, to acquire control of the Construction Divison of
 McNamara Corp. of Newfoundland Ltd., St. John's, and McNamara Equipment
 Leasing Ltd., also of St. John's.

Mount Batten Properties Ltd. of Toronto, a subsidiary of Excelsior Life
 Insurance Co. of Toronto, which is a subsidiary of Aetna Life and Casualty
 of Hartford, Conn., to acquire control of the business carried on by
 Cadillac Fairview Corp. Ltd., also of Toronto, consisting of its Kent
 Square property in Ottawa, an office and retail building.
    115384 Canada Ltee, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of CO.VE.Co. of
 Venezuela, to acquire control of Uniracor Ltee of Becanour, Que.

Two proposals by SC Holding Corp. of Glenview, Ill. The first proposal
 is to acquire control of Signode Canada Inc. of Toronto, a subsidiary of
 Signode Corp. of Glenview. The second proposal is for the acquisition of
 Truswal Systems of Canada Ltd. of Toronto, a subsidiary of Signode Corp.

Urangesellschaft Canada Ltd. of Toronto, owned by Urangesellschaft GmbH
 of West Germany, to acquire control of ESI Resources Ltd. of Calgary,
 owned by Earth Sciences Inc. of Golden, Col.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       March 8, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Acquire Real Estate Crowdfunding Investors See 17.5% Returns on DoubleTree by
Hilton DFW Airport

LENGTH: 350  words


March 8 -- Acquire Real Estate, a leader in pre-funded real estate crowdfunding,
today announced that its recent investment in the DoubleTree by Hilton DFW
Airport is delivering on its targeted returns.

The crowdfunding project has met its projected Year 1 return rate of 17.5% for
investors and is also on track to meet its 20-24% return rate over the lifetime
of the investment.

"Dallas-Fort Worth is an excellent area for investment with its strong
employment growth and skilled workforce," said Josh Klimkiewicz, President of
Acquire Real Estate. "With these demographics, and the continued rate of growth
in the hotel industry, we felt that the Doubletree by Hilton DFW would be a
smart investment for our Members."

Accredited Investors are invited to join the Acquire platform at
https://www.acquirerealestate.com/signup.

The 282-room, 8-story hotel is owned by The Buccini Pollin Group (BPG) and is
located adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth Airport.

More than 15 individual investors invested in the crowdfunding project, which
has benefitted from continued growth in the Dallas hotel market.

The DoubleTree by Hilton DFW Airport has also undergone new management and
interior renovations, which are expected to further strengthen the crowdfunding
investment's performance.

"The hotel's excellent location and positive cash flow made it a natural fit for
the Acquire platform," added Klimkiewicz. "As the hospitality industry continues
to perform well, we're seeing growing demand from investors for high-quality
hotel opportunities like this."

Acquire Real Estate is one of the only real estate crowdfunding platforms to
pre-fund its investment opportunities. Their platform features a collection of
income-producing properties from top national sponsors that are first
pre-screened and then pre-funded by Acquire. Unlike competing platforms, Acquire
takes a unique approach in its role as equity investor, whereby it underwrites
and invests in each property prior to offering it to its Members.

To learn more about Acquire Real Estate, visit
https://www.acquirerealestate.com/.

Source: Acquire Real Estate

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Governing Interstate Powers for Banks

                           September 11, 1989, Monday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as
follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been in existence for
at least five years. Holding companies from Arkansas become eligible when that
state's reciprocal legislation takes effect.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law.  Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes
effective July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: A law expired July 13, 1989, that limited holding companies from any
state that offers reciprocal privileges to acquiring banks in Kentucky at the
rate of three per year. No company is allowed to control more than 15% of bank
deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. As of July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, are permitted to
enter the state. Arkansas, Georgia, and Tennessee lack the necessary reciprocal
laws; Mississippi was added to the list on July 1, 1988.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's law. However, in order
to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective that
became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state that have
been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.
The American Banker

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 2978 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              185 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                                November 1, 2010

Weekly Deal Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25 Vol. 23 No. 44

LENGTH: 3482  words


Target | Acquiror

Transaction Synopsis

BAE Systems PLC-Container Asts | Rocky River Holdings LLC

Rocky River Holdings LLC of the US agreed to acquire the container solutions
assets, located in Berthoud, Colorado, of BAE Systems PLC, a London-based
manufacturer of civil and military aircraft, for an estimated $1 million in
cash.

Carriage Hills East Apartments | DTN Development Group Inc

DTN Development Group Inc agreed to acquire Carriage Hills East Appartments, an
East Lansing- based owner and operator of apartment buildings, from Carriage
APX, a majority- owned unit of Angeles Partners X, for $7.1 million.

Charter Commun-Cable Systems | obridge Communications LLC

Cobridge Communications LLC acquired cable systems of Charter Communications
Inc, a Saint Louis-based provider of cable television and Internet services.
Terms were not disclosed.

Clarient Inc | GE Healthcare Ltd

GE Healthcare Ltd, a wholly-owned unit of General Electric Co {GE}, definitively
agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Clarient Inc, a Aliso Viejo-based
manufacturer of cellular imaging system, from Safeguard Scientifics Inc (34.
423%) and other undisclosed sellers, via a tender offer, for $5 in cash per
share, or a total value of $470. 861 million.

DermaPet Inc | Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC

Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC of the UK acquired DermaPet Inc, a Boca Raton- based
manufacturer and wholesaler of veterinary pharmaceutical products, for $64
million. The consideration consisted of $44 million cash and $20 million in
profit- related payments.

First Bank of Jacksonville | Ameris Bank, Moultrie, Georgia

Ameris Bank, a wholly- owned unit of Ameris Bancorp, acquired First Bank of
Jacksonville. Terms were not disclosed.

Hillcrest Bancshares Inc | NBH Holdings Corp

NBH Bancshares Inc agreed to acquire Overland Park-based Hillcrest Bancshares
Inc.

Liberty Life Insurance Co | Athene Holding Ltd

Athene Holding Ltd of Bermuda definitively agreed to acquire Liberty Life
Insurance Co (Liberty Life), a Greenville-based insurance company, from Royal
Bank of Canada (Royal Bank), for $628.1 million. Originally, Royal Bank was
rumored to be seeking a buyer for Liberty Life.

Macoy Capital Partners Inc | Global Gate Property Corp

Global Gate Property Corp (Global) acquired a 51% interest in Macoy Capital
Partners Inc, a Los Angeles- based provider of real estate brokerage services,
for $0.035 million. The consideration consisted of $0.01 million in cash and the
issuance of 0.033 million Global common shares valued at $0.025 million. The
shares were valued based on Global's closing stock price of $0.75 on 05 Oct
2010, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Progress Bank of Florida | Bay Cities Bank

Bay Cities Bank acquire Tampa-based Progress Bank of Florida.

WonderHill | Kabam

Kabam acquired WonderHill, a San Francisco- based developer of social network
games. Terms were not disclosed.

Communications Network Service | VSAT division of Lunasat

VSAT division of Lunasat Offshore Sal of Lebanon merged with Communications
Network Service, a Virginia- based telecommunication services provider.
Concurrently, VSAT division of Lunasat Offshore Sal merged with IDM
International Sal Offshore of Lebanon, in a three-way merger. Upon completion,
they will establish a new company, Lunasat-IDMI.

Atascocita Center | Westwood Financial Corp

Westwood Financial Corp acquired Atascocita Center, a Humble-based owner and
operator of a shopping center.

BP PLC-Deep Water Oil & Gas | Marubeni Oil & Gas (US) Inc

Marubeni Oil & Gas (US) Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Marubeni Corp's wholly-owned
Marubeni America Corp subsidiary, agreed to acquire 4 deep water oil and gas
fields of BP PLC, a London- based oil and gas exploration and production
company, for $650 million in cash.

Cadillac Renewable Energy LLC | Atlantic Power Corp

Atlantic Power Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Cadillac
Renewable Energy LLC, a Cadillac-based electric utility company, and a joint
venture between Arclight Energy Partners Fund II LP and Olympus Power LLC, a
unit of Olympus Holdings LLC, for an estimated $77 million.

Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline | Genesis Energy LP

Genesis Energy LP definitively agreed to acquire a 50% interest in Cameron
Highway Oil Pipeline Co, an owner and operator of pipelines, a 50:50 joint
venture between Enterprise products Partners LP and Valero Energy Corp (Valero),
from Valero.

CardioNexus Corp | Panasonic Corp of N America

Panasonic Corp of North America, a majority owned unit of Panasonic Corp
acquired an undisclosed minority interest in CardioNexus Corp, a Houston- based
provider of early disease detection services.

Cloud 9 Games Inc | Left Behind Games Inc

Left Behind Games Inc, doing business as Inspired Media Entertainment, acquired
Cloud 9 Games Inc, an Austin- based developer of Christian video game software.

CommScope Inc | Carlyle Group LLC

Carlyle Group LLC planned to acquire the entire share capital of CommScope Inc,
a Hickory-based manufacturer of coaxial cable, for $31.5 in cash per share, or a
total value of $3.02 billion, in a leveraged buyout transaction.

Cone Drive-Cert Gear Asts | Elecon Transmission Intl Ltd

Elecon USA Transmission Ltd, a unit of the Elecon UK Transmission Ltd (Elecon
UK) subsidiary of Elecon Engineering Co Ltd's Elecon Transmission International
unit (Elecon), agreed to acquire certain gear motor assets of Cone Drive
Operations Inc, a Ludington- based manufacturer of gears. Concurrently, Elecon
agreed to acquire the entire share capital of David Brown Systems Sweden AB and
Elecon UK agreed to acquire the Applied Product Division of David Brown. The
three transactions had a combined value of $28.857 million.

Corvisa LLC | StreetLinks National Appraisal

StreetLinks National Appraisal Services LLC definitively agreed to acquire a 51%
interest in Corvisa LLC, a developer of software. Terms were not disclosed.

Courthouse Tire | Monro Muffler Brake Inc

Monro Muffler Brake Inc definitively agreed to acquire Courthouse Tire, a
Fredericksburg-based provider of tire and automobile repair services.

Eastman Chemical Co-PET Resins | DAK Americas LLC

DAK Americas LLC, a wholly-owned unit of Alfa SAB de CV's Alpek SA de CV
subsidiary, definitively agreed to acquire the PET resins business of Eastman
Chemical Co, a Kingsport- based manufacturer and wholesaler of chemicals, for
$600 million in cash.

Aegis Sciences Corp | Metalmark Capital Holdings LLC

Metalmark Capital Holdings LLC acquired an undisclosed majority interest in
Aegis Sciences Corp, a Nashville-based provider of forensic chemical and drug-
testing laboratory services, in a leveraged buyout transaction.

First Guaranty Merger | Greensburg Bancshares Inc

Greenburg Bancshares Inc agreed to merge with First Guaranty Merger Subsidiary
Inc, a bank holding company and a unit of First Guaranty Bancshares Inc.

Fronteer-Gold Mining Ppty(10) | Bridgeport Ventures Inc

Bridgeport Ventures Inc (Bridgeport) of Canada agreed to acquire ten gold mining
properties, located in Nevada, of Fronteer Gold Inc, a Vancouver-based gold and
copper mining property, in exchange for 4.5 million Bridgeport common shares
valued at $5.625 million. The shares were valued based on Bridgeport's closing
stock price of $1.227 on 22 October 2010, the last full trading day prior to the
announcement.

Greystone Benefits Inc-Certain assets | Brown & Brown of Pennsylvania

Brown & Brown of Pennsylvania Inc, a unit of Brown & Brown Inc, acquired the
certain assets of Greystone Benefits Inc (Greystone), a Berwyn-based provider of
employee benefits brokerage services. The transaction was to include the book of
business of Greystone.

JEN Partners LLC-Prime Real | Avatar Holdings Inc

Avatar Holdings Inc acquired the prime real estate asset portfolio, located in
Arizona and Florida of JEN Partners LLC, a New York-based private equity firm,
for $70 million. The transaction consisted of $30 million in cash, $20 million
in restricted common shares, $12 million notes and up to $8 million in profit-
related payments. The transaction included Joseph Carl Homes LLC, CantaMia and
Sharpe properties.

Kenergy Development Corp | Speechswitch Inc

SpeechSwitch Inc agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Kenergy
Development Corp, a provider of research and development services, for $0.25
million. The consideration was to consist of $0.05 million in cash and $0.2
million in notes.

Logos Communications Inc | Black Box Corp

Black Box Corp acquired Logos Communications Inc, a Westlake-based provider of
unified communications services.

Majestic Research Corp | Investment Technology Grp Inc

Investment Technology Group Inc acquired Majestic Research Corp (Majestic), a
New York-based provider of equity research services, for $56 million. On
completion, Majestic was renamed ITG Investment Research.

Northstar-at-Tahoe Resort | Vail Resorts Inc

Vail Resorts Inc acquired Northstar-at-Tahoe Resort, a Truckee-based owner and
operator of a ski resort.

On a Wave Wireless-Wireless | KeyOn Communications Hldgs Inc

KeyOn Communications Inc agreed to acquire the wireless broadband assets,
located in Iowa, of On a Wave Wireless Inc, a provider of wireless
telecommunications services, for $0.093 million in cash and the assumption of an
undisclosed amount in liabilities.

Blueknight Energy Partners GP | CB-Blueknight LLC

CB-Blueknight LLC, a wholly-owned unit of Charlesbank Capital Partners LLC,
agreed to acquire a 50% interest in Blueknight Energy Partners GP LLC, a Tulsa-
based provider of crude oil gathering services, from Vitol Inc, a wholly-owned
unit of Vitol Group BV. Terms were not disclosed

ThingMagic Inc | Trimble Navigation Ltd

Trimble Navigation Ltd acquired ThingMagic Inc, a Cambridge-based manufacturer
of radio frequencey devices.

Three Rivers Pharmaceuticals | Kadmon Pharmaceuticals LLC

Kadmon Pharmaceuticals LLC acquired Three Rivers Pharmaceuticals LLC, a New
York-based manufacturer of biopharmaceutical products. Terms were not disclosed.

The Weston Group Inc | Emeritus Corp

Emeritus Corp agreed to acquire The Weston Group Inc, an Easton-based provider
of rehabilitation services, for $18 million. The transaction was to include a
51% interest in Mobility Rehabilitation Products LLC.

Tri-Star Brand | Standex International Corp

Standex International Corp acquired the Tri-Star brand, a manufacturer and
wholesaler of cooking equipment.

Wilber Corp | Community Bank Sys Inc, NY

Community Bank System Inc agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Wilber
Corp, an Oneonta-based commercial bank holding company, for $9.5 in cash and
common shares per share, or a total value of $101. 793 million.

Applied Systems Research Inc | CACI International Inc

CACI International Inc definitively agreed to acquire Applied Systems Research
Inc, a Fairfax-based provider of technical services.

Bergine | Gilt City

Gilt City, a unit of Gilt Groupe Inc, acquired Bergine, a San Francisco- based
provider of ecommerce retail services.

Creative Media Advertising LLC | COSTA IMC

COSTA IMC acquired Creative Advertising Media LLC, a Venice Beach-based provider
of outdoor and online adverting services. Terms were not disclosed.

Education Tr-Communities(9) | KAREP REIT I Inc

KAREP REIT I Inc agreed to acquire nine student housing communities of Education
Realty Trust Inc, a Memphis-based real estate investment trust, for an estimated
$84.8 million.

Factual Photo Inc | Sedgwick CMS Holdings Inc

Sedgwick CMS Holdings Inc, a unit of the Fidelity Sedgwick Holdings Inc
subsidiary of Columbus Midco Holdings Inc's Columbus Mergerco Inc unit, agreed
to acquire Factual Photo Inc, a Naperville-based provider of investigation
services.

Financial Pacific Leasing LLC | Flexpoint Ford LLC

Flexpoint Ford LLC acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Financial
Pacific Leasing LLC, a Federal Way-based provider of equipment leasing services,
from Ares Capital Corp, in a leveraged buyout transaction. Terms were not
disclosed.

Industry Model & Talent Studio | InterFACE World Group

InterFACE World Group (InterFACE) acquired Industry Model & Talent Studios, an
Edgewater-based provider of model and talent development services. On
completion, the merged entity was named InterFACE.

Intl Glass Solutions LLC | Pentagon Protection PLC

Pentagon Protection PLC of the UK planned to acquire the entire share capital of
International Glass Solutions LLC, a provider of glazing solutions services,
from Haytham ElZayn, for $1.573 million in Pentagan ordinary shares.

Jeskell Inc | CAS Saverne

CAS Saverne acquired Jeskell Inc, a Rockville- based developer of information
technology solutions software, from FusionStorm Inc. Terms were not disclosed.

Kelley Blue Book Co Inc | Autotrader.com Inc

Autotrader.com Inc (AutoTrader), a unit of Cox Enterprises Inc, agreed to
acquire Kelley Blue Book Co Inc (Kelley), an Irving-based dealer of new and used
automobile. Terms were not disclosed. The transaction was to include CDMdata and
CDM Dealer Services. Originally, in September 2010, Kelley was rumored to be
seeking a buyer for the company. AutoTrader, Kohlberg Kravitz Roberts & Co, eBay
Inc and Google Inc were named potential bidders.

Key Capital Corp | Shareholders

KeyCorp was rumored to be planning to spin off its Key Capital Corp unit, a
Cleveland-based investment company, to its shareholders.

Larus Project | Redstar Gold Corp

Redstar Gold Corp of Canada acquired the Larus project, a gold mining project
located in Nevada.

Northern Trust Corp | HSBC

HSBC Holdings PLC of the UK was rumored to be planning to acquire the entire
share capital of Northern Trust Corp, a Chicago-based commercial bank holding
company.

Plug Power Inc-Assets | IdaTech PLC

IdaTech Plc acquired assets of Plug Power Inc, a Latham-based manufacturer and
wholesaler of fuel cell systems, for $5 million. The transaction included the
GenSys liquid petroleum gas off grid and GenCore backup power stationary fuel
cell product lines.

Source Photonics Inc | Francisco Partners LP

Francisco Partners LP acquired Source Photonics Inc, a Chatsworth-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of optical communication products, from MRV
Communications Inc, in a leveraged buyout transaction, for $146 million. The
consideration consisted of $113 million in cash and the assumption of $33
million in liabilities.

Super 8 Hotel, Lenexa, Kansas | Undisclosed Acquiror

Supertel Hospitality Inc divested its Super 8 Hotel unit, located in Lenexa,
Kansas, an owner and operator of hotel, to an undisclosed acquiror, for $2.1
million.

Washington Research Group Inc | MF Global Holdings Ltd

MF Global Holdings Ltd agreed to acquire Washington Research Group Inc, a
Washington-based provider of investment management research services, from
Concept Capital LLC, a unit of Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc.

Windsor Health Group Inc | Munich Health North America

Munich Health North America Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Muenchener
Rueckversicherungs- Gesellschaft AG, agreed to acquire Windsor Health Group Inc,
a Nashville-based medical and health services provider, for $125 million in
cash.

ASML US-Richmond,CA Facility | Zygo Corp

Zygo Corp agreed to acquire the Richmond, California facility of ASML US Inc, a
Tempe-based manufacturer and wholesaler of lithographic systems and a
wholly-owned unit of ASML Holding NV, for an estimated $10 million.

First Ipswich Bancorp, MA | Brookline Bancorp Inc, MA

Brookline Bancorp Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
First Ipswich Bancorp, a bank holding company, for $8.1 in cash per share, or a
total value of $18.992 million.

InVivo Therapeutics Holdings | InVivo Therapeutics Corp

US -InVivo Therapeutics Corporation merged with InVivo Therapeutics Holdings
Corp, a Cambridge-based developer of spinal devices.

Neenah Paper Inc-Certain Asset | Diamond Pet Food Processors of

Diamond Pet Food Processors of Ripon LLC acquired the remaining certain assets,
located in Ripon, California, of Neenah Paper Inc, an Alpharetta- based
manufacturer of premium fine and technical papers.

Nellix Endovascular Inc | Endologix Inc

Endologix Inc definitively agreed to acquire Nellix Endovascular Inc, a Palo
Alto-based manufacturer of endografts, from Essex Woodlands Health Ventures Inc,
for an estimated $54 million. The consideration was to consist of $15 million in
Endologix common shares and up to $39 million in profit-related payments.

Saddle River Valley Bank | JC Flowers & Co LLC

JC Flowers & Co LLC acquired the bankrupt Saddle River Valley Bank, in a
leverage buyout.

ShopToEarth | Kaching Kaching Inc

Kaching Kaching Inc (Kaching) signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the
entire share capital of ShopToEarth Inc, a Las Vegas- based provider of
e-commerce retail services, in exchange for Kaching common shares, in a stock
swap transaciton.

Torch Technologies-Techn Asts | ZIM Corp

ZIM Corp of Canada acquired the technology assets of Torch Technologies, a
Huntsville-based provider of systems engineering and information technology
services.

Undisclosed Air Purification | UV Flu Technologies Inc

UV Flu Technologies Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the entire
share capital of an undisclosed air purification manufacturing company.

Summit Instruments Inc | Spectrum Control Inc

Spectrum Control Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Summit Instruments Inc, an Akron-based manufacturer of precision censors and
measurement systems, for an estimated $5.2 million.

Vumii Inc | Opgal Optronic Ltd

Opgal Optronics Ltd of Israel, a unit of Elbit Systems Ltd and Rafael Advanced
Defense Systems Ltd, acquired Vumii Inc, an Atlanta-based Vumii Inc, an
Atlanta-based manufacturer and wholesaler of laser night vision surveillance
equipment.

Horizon Wine & Spirits | Empire Distributors Inc

Empire Distributors Inc, a unit of Berkshire Hathaway Inc's McLane Co Inc
subsidiary, agreed to acquire Horizon Wines & Spirits, a Nashville-based
wholesaler of wines and spirits, from Republic Beverage Co.

BMP Sunstone Corp | Sanofi-Aventis SA

Sanofi-Aventis SA of France definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of BMP Sunstone Corp, a Plymouth Meeting-based manufacturer and
wholesaler of pharmaceutical products, for $10 in cash per share, or a total
value of $421. 453 million.

Boston Scientific Corp-Bus | Stryker Corp

Stryker Corp (Stryker ) definitively agreed to acquire the neurovascular
business of Boston Scientific Corp ((Boston), a Natick- based manufacturer and
wholesaler of medical devices, for $1.5 billion. The consideration was to
consist of $1.4 billion in cash and up to $100 million in profit- related
payment. Originally Stryker was rumored to be planning to acquire the pain
management device business of Boston.

EZ Concept Surgical Device-Ast | Wright Medical Group Inc

Wright Medical Group Inc acquired the certain assets of EZ Concept Surgical
Device Corp, a manufacturer of surgical instruments and joint replacement
implants and a unit of Signal Medical Corp. The transaction included EZ Frame
external fixator for foot. Terms were not disclosed.

First Mercury Financial Corp | Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd

Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd agreed to merge with First Mercury Financial
Corp, a Southfield-based insurance holding company, for $16.5 in cash per share,
or a total value of $293.005 million.

Green Campus Partners LLC | Hudson Clean Energy Partners

Hudson Clean Energy Partners acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Green
Campus Partners LLC, a Sea Girt-based provider of development, financing, and
implementation of energy efficiency and distributed generation services, in a
leveraged buyout transaction.

Hydrobotanical Engineering LLC | One World Ventures Inc

One World Ventures Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the entire
share capital of Hydrobotanical Engineering LLC, a san Juan Capistrano- based
manufacturer of hydroponic production system equipment.

International Components Corp | Nexergy Inc

Nexergy Inc, a wholly owned unit of Graham Group Inc's Inverness Capital
Partners LP acquired the entire share capital of International Components Corp,
a Westchester-based manufacturer of batteries and charger.

SimLab Corp | Altair Engineering Inc

Altair Engineering Inc agreed to acquire SimLab Corp, a Rancho Santa Margarita-
based applications services provider.

Sibley Memorial Hospital | Johns Hopkins Health Sys Corp

Johns Hopkins Health System Corp agreed to acquire Sibley Memorial Hospital, a
Washington-based owner and operator of a hospital.

Signature Health Services LLC | Kindred Healthcare Inc

Kindred Healthcare Inc definitively agreed to acquire Signature Health Services
LLC, a provider of home health care services. Terms were not disclosed.

Syniverse Technologies Inc | Carlyle Group LLC

Carlyle Group LLC definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Syniverse Holdings Inc, a Tampa-based provider of wireless voice and data
services, for $31 in cash per share, or a total value of $2.213 billion, in a
leveraged buyout transaction.

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

Giant steps

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; MITTAL'S BID FOR CONSOLIDATION; Pg.
B7

LENGTH: 434 words


How Indian-born businessman Lakshmi Mittal built Mittal Steel Co. - which has
offered the equivalent of $22.8-billion (U.S.) for rival Arcelor SA - into the
world's largest steel manufacturer:

1989: Mittal acquires Iron & Steel Co. of Trinidad & Tobago.

1992: Acquires Sibalsa, world's only dedicated producer of high-quality steel
slabs from Mexican government.

1994: Acquires Sidbec-Dosco, Canada's No. 4 steel maker from

the government of Quebec.

1995: Forms holding companies Ispat International Ltd. and Ispat Shipping, which
provides global transport.

1995: Buys Karmet of Kazakhstan, which has its own coal mines, iron ore mines
and power generation assets and Germany's Hamburger Stahlwerke, a wire rod
producer.

1997: Ispat International NV, which controls Mittal operations in Mexico,
Trinidad & Tobago, Canada and Germany, has stock market listing

in New York and Amsterdam.

1998: Acquires Inland Steel Co. of Indiana, the U.S. No. 4 steel maker.

1999: Acquires Unimetal SA of France, a producer of high-quality wire rods.

2001: Acquires ALFASID, a North African steel producer with its own iron ore
mines, from the Algerian government.

2001: Acquires Sidex, an integrated steelworks manufacturer, from the Romanian
government.

2003: Acquires Nova Hut, the largest steel producer in the Czech Republic.

2004: Ispat International merges with LNM Holdings to form Mittal Steel.

z Then acquires International Steel Group of the U.S., making it the world's
largest steel maker.

z Purchases Polski Huty Stali, Poland's leading steel producer, Bosnia's BH
Steel, Macedonian production facilities from Balkan Steel, Atansore iron ore
mines in Kazakhstan, rolling mills in Skopje and a controlling stake in South
Africa's Iscor.

2005: Buys Kryvorizhstal from the Ukrainian state at an auction, beating out a
consortium that included Arcelor.

Lakshmi Mittal

Title: CEO and chairman of Mittal Steel

Age: 55

Wealth: Forbes ranks him as world's third richest man (behind Bill Gates and
Warren Buffett) with net worth of $25-billion (U.S.)

Born: Village of Rajasthan, India

Started career:  Worked in his father's Calcutta steel mill

Big business moves: Last year, merged his two steel companies Mittal Steel, the
world's largest producer, and oversaw a $4.5-billion (U.S.) takeover of
U.S-based International Steel Group.

Big real estate move: In 2003, bought reputedly Britain's most expensive house
in London's Kensington for $125-million (U.S.).

"The new company has unprecedented scale and diversification and this will help
reduce risk and volatility ... not only for us but the steel industry."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                    February 6, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

SECTION: A; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 87 words


2. Brambles and GKN merger - $11.3 billion 3. News Corp acquires Chris Craft -
$5.9 billion 4. Telstra acquires PCCW - $3.3 bil lion 5. Westfield acquires rest
of West-

field America - $2.1 billion 6. News Corp acquires BHC Comms - $1.7 billion 7.
News Corp acquires United Tele-

vision - $1.5 billion 8. APN News acquires Wilson & Horton - $1.2 billion 9.
Telstra acquires PCCW IP assets - $1 billion 10. Data Advantage acquires Bay-

corp - $900 million

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              188 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                             March 20, 1992, Friday
                              Correction Appended


To date, only Hawaii and Montana still lack laws that permit some kind of
interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and the remaining states
have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as follows. This feature is
compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Since July 1987, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Alabama banks in existence for at least
five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, out-of-state bank holding companies may acquire
banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. Out-of-state institutions may set up de novo
operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Since May 31, 1984, Arizona
financial institutions less than five years old have been protected from hostile
out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989.

The region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia.

The acquiring bank holding company must comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: Full nationwide reciprocal banking began Jan. 1, 1991. A law
effective in July 1987 allowed California banks to be acquired by bank holding
companies in the 12th Federal Reserve District, plus Colorado, New Mexico, and
Texas.

COLORADO: Full nationwide interstate banking was permitted on Jan. 1, 1991.
Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states had been effective since
July 1, 1988.

CONNECTICUT: Since Feb. 1, 1992, out-of-state holding companies have been
permitted to establish de novo banking institutions and holding companies in
Connecticut, on a reciprocal basis.

Under an interim law effective March 19, 1990, Public Act 90-2 allowed banking
institutions and holding companies from outside New England to acquire
Connecticut banking institutions and holding companies on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: On June 30, 1990, reciprocal nationwide banking became effective.
Stockholders of in-state banks may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state
takeovers.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia.

Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region are permitted to
acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain community development
commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from Alabama,
Arkansas, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The
1984 law stipulates that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least
two years old.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Georgia banks that are at
least five years old, under laws of 1984, 1987, and 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state have been permitted to buy Idaho banks
and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking became permissible Dec.
1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this bill
amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Bank holding companies from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. IC 28-2-15 1, the
law passed in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987.

Another law, effective June 1, 1987, adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to the compact.

No out-of-state bank holding company may acquire more than 12% of the total
deposits of all financial institutions in the state. Full, nationwide banking on
a reciprocal basis goes into effect July 1, 1992 (IC 28-2-16-1).

IOWA: In 1990, the Iowa legislature adopted HF 685, permitting regional
interstate banking - effective Jan. 1, 1991 - for the contiguous states of
Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.

KANSAS: Regional interstate banking begins in Kansas on July 1, 1992. A bank
holding company in a reciprocal state contiguous to Kansas, or in Arkansas or
Iowa, will be permitted to acquire a bank or bank holding company in Kansas,
with approval of the state banking board. Gov. Joan Finney signed this new law
(House Bill 2059) on March 18, 1991.

KENTUCKY: Since 1985, bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. No company is allowed to
control more than 15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full interstate banking on a reciprocal basis became effective Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Virginia, South Carolina, Tennessee, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to enter the state.

Bank holding companies from outside the regional pacts may establish
limited-purpose banks in Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983.

MASSACHUSETTS: Nationwide banking for Massachusetts banks was authorized by
Chapter 102 of the Acts of 1990, effective Sept. 4, 1990. Banks are permitted to
opt out of this statute by a two-thirds vote of their directors until June 30,
1992.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been allowed to acquire Minnesota banks on a
reciprocal basis.

The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire
Mississippi banks after July 1, 1988.

On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia were also allowed
to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis.

NEBRASKA: Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking became effective Jan. 1,
1991. On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening Nebraska to
regional reciprocal interstate banking for one year beginning Jan. 1, 1990.

NEVADA: Since July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations have been permitted to
acquire an existing institution, charter a new institution, or establish a
branch office. Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Gov. Judd Gregg signed SB 387 into law on April 13, 1990,
permitting nationwide interstate banking.

This law expands state deposit caps on banks to 20% from 15% and grants
authority to the bank commissioner to waive the 20% rule with the concurrence of
the attorney general's office under the same criteria that federal regulators
use in a merger, consolidation, or acquisition of an unhealthy institution.

Legislation enacted in 1987, allowing New Hampshire banks to avoid out-of-state
acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years, has been
retained.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that are currently certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Delaware, Idaho,
Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico,
New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Dakota,
Texas, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming. Puerto Rico is
also been certified.

(Indiana meets this reciprocal test beginning July 1, 1992.)

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed beginning July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
and West Virginia may enter his state under a law enacted in 1984.

NORTH DAKOTA: The North Dakota legislature passed a nationwide reciprocal
interstate banking law that was signed by Gov. George Sinner on March 14, 1991.
It took effect on July 1, 1991.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis.

OKLAHOMA: Since July 1, 1987, bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation
have been allowed to acquire healthy Oklahoma institutions. There is no
reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's law.

To expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: March 4, 1990, was Pennsylvania's trigger date for nationwide
reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.

Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years.

The state requires at least 50% of the board of directors of any banking company
new in the state to be Texas residents.

Also, the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas
bank if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of state bank
holding company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in
the state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Since Feb. 1, 1990, banks from any state have been allowed to acquire
Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business.

Also, bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Virginia banks that are
at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri,
and Ohio may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on
a reciprocal basis.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity.

It stipulates, however, that the charter of the in-state institution being
acquired must be at least three years old.

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 2399 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 25, 1992, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

A March 20 summary of trigger dates for interstate banking omitted the most
recent change in Indiana law. Statute 28-2-15-18, effective July 1, 1991,
eliminated any limit on the percentage of Indiana's total deposits that may be
acquired by a financial holding company.

                      Copyright 1992 American Banker, Inc.


                              189 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

TRIGGER DATES;
A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                            March 28, 1991, Thursday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as
follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been
in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permitted regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia.

CALIFORNIA: Full nationwide reciprocal banking began Jan. 1, 1991. A law signed
in September 1986, effective July 1987, allowed California banks to be acquired
by bank holding companies in the states that make up the 12th Federal Reserve
District, plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas.

COLORADO: Full nationwide interstate banking was permitted on Jan. 1, 1991.
Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states had been effective since
July 1, 1988.

CONNECTICUT: Effective March 19, 1990, Connecticut enacted Public Act 90 2,
expanding its New England regional interstate banking law to allow banking
institutions and holding companies from outside New England to acquire
Connecticut banking institutions and holding companies on a reciprocal basis.
The act also allows out-of-state holding companies to establish de novo banking
institutions and holding companies in Connecticut on a reciprocal basis,
beginning Feb. 1, 1992.

DELAWARE: On June 30, 1990, nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only -
became effective. Stockholders of in-state banks may elect to exempt themselves
from out-of-state takeovers.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community-development commitments in the district.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law. Maryland and the District of Columbia were added to the region in
1987. Mississippi was also included when its reciprocal law became effective
July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking became effective Dec. 1,
1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this bill amends
the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state bank uholding companies from the contiguous states of
Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. IC
28-2-15-1, law passed in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law,
effective June 1, 1987, adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and Wisconsin to the compact. No out-of-state bank holding
company may acquire more than 12% of the total deposits of all financial
institutions in the state. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992 (IC 28-2-16-1).

IOWA: In 1990, the Iowa legislature adopted HF 685, permitting regional
interstate banking - effective Jan. 1, 1991 - for the contiguous states of
Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.

KENTUCKY: A 1985 law permits bank holding companies located anywhere in the
United States to acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. No company is
allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas lacks the necessary reciprocal law.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia were also
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking became effective Jan. 1,
1991. On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening Nebraska to
regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year beginning Jan.
1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are Colorado, Iowa,
Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, could be acquired. Since July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations have been permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Governor Judd Gregg signed SB 387 into law on April 13, 1990,
permitting nationwide interstate banking. This law expands state deposit caps on
banks to 20% from 15% and grants authority to the bank commissioner to waive the
20% rule with the concurrence of the attorney general's office under the same
criteria that federal regulators use in a merger, consolidation, or acquisition
of an unhealthy institution. Legislation enacted in 1987, allowing New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years, has been retained.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that have currently been certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Michigan, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
Puerto Rico has also been certified.

Seven other states meet New Jersey's reciprocal test since their laws became
effective: California (Jan. 1, 1991), Colorado (Jan. 1, 1991), Illinois (Dec. 1,
1990), Indiana (July 1, 1992), Nebraska (Jan. 1, 1991), New Mexico (Jan. 1,
1990), and Vermont (Feb. 1, 1990).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi was included when its
nationwide reciprocal law became effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law (Title 6 of Oklahoma statutes, sections 504 507),
bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation may bid against in-state
banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions. Since July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from anywhere in the nation have been allowed to acquire healthy
Oklahoma institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's
home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists,
the out-of-state institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective that
became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks were allowed in the state
beginning March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. Since Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state have been allowed to acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal
basis. With shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition
by an out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 2989 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 American Banker, Inc.


                              190 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                          February 22, 1990, Thursday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as
follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been
in existence for at least five years.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permitted regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law. Maryland and the District of Columbia were added to the region in
1987. Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes effective
July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: A 1985 law permits bank holding companies located anywhere in the
United States to acquire banks in Kentucky on a reciprocal basis. On July 13,
1989, a law expired that limited holding company acquisitions to three banks a
year. No company is allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in
Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. Under legislation effective July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas lacks the necessary reciprocal law.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990, only
an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired. After July 1,
1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to acquire an existing
institution, charter a new institution, or establish a branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988. States that have currently been certified as reciprocal by the New Jersey
Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Michigan, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
Puerto Rico has also been certified.

Seven other states will meet New Jersey's reciprocal test when their laws become
effective: California (Jan. 1, 1991), Colorado (Jan. 1, 1991), Illinois (Dec. 1,
1990), Indiana (July 1, 1992), Nebraska (Jan. 1, 1991), New Mexico (Jan. 1,
1990), and Vermont (Feb. 1, 1990).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law (Title 6 of Oklahoma statutes, sections 504 507),
bank holding companies from anywhere in the nation may bid against in-state
banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions. Since July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies from anywhere in the nation have been allowed to acquire healthy
Oklahoma institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's
home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists,
the out-of-state institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective that
became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened its borders to nationwide
interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may
acquire banks in this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 3062 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              191 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Governing Interstate Powers for Banks

                            May 10, 1989, Wednesday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking legislation, as
follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been in existence for
at least five years. Holding companies from Arkansas become eligible when that
state's reciprocal legislation takes effect.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law.  Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes
effective July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: Beginning July 13, 1986, holding companies from any state that offers
reciprocal privileges may acquire banks in Kentucky at the rate of three per
year. This limitation expires July 13, 1989. At all times, no company will be
allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. As of July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, are permitted to
enter the state. Arkansas, Georgia, and Tennessee lack the necessary reciprocal
laws; Mississippi was added to the list on July 1, 1988.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
Hawaii and Missouri have not passed the required laws. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a de novo office.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's law. However, in order
to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective July 1,
1989, Oregon will open its borders to nationwide interstate banking on a
nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state that have
been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.
The American Banker

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES ; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 2990 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              192 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Governing Interstate Powers for Banks

                             April 4, 1989, Tuesday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack laws that
permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and
the remaining states have enacted interstate banking legislation, as follows.
This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been in existence for
at least five years. Holding companies from Arkansas become eligible when that
state's reciprocal legislation takes effect.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law.  Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes
effective July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: Beginning July 13, 1986, holding companies from any state that offers
reciprocal privileges may acquire banks in Kentucky at the rate of three per
year. This limitation expires July 13, 1989. At all times, no company will be
allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. As of July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, are permitted to
enter the state. Arkansas, Georgia, and Tennessee lack the necessary reciprocal
laws; Mississippi was added to the list on July 1, 1988.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
Hawaii and Missouri have not passed the required laws. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a de novo office.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's law. However, in order
to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective July 1,
1989, Oregon will open its borders to nationwide interstate banking on a
nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state that have
been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.
The American Banker

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES ; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 2990 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              193 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Governing Interstate Powers for Banks

                           January 31, 1989, Tuesday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota lack laws that permit
some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District of Columbia and the
remaining states have enacted interstate banking legislation, as follows. This
feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank holding
companies from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have been in existence for
at least five years. Holding companies from Arkansas become eligible when that
state's reciprocal legislation takes effect.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions under a
law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state institutions to
set up de novo operations in the state after June 30, 1992. Effective May 31,
1984, Arizona financial institutions less than five years old are protected from
hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries Laws)
permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1, 1989. The
region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Arkansas law
requires acquiring bank holding companies to comply with the federal Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of
individuals and small businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.


CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states that
make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas. The
legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the acquirer, which has not
been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full nationwide reciprocal banking
begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies that out-of-state banking companies
outside the approved region, with units in states inside the region, may not
enter California until the nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be permitted on
Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of Columbia,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware banks on a
reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included if it
incorporates Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in state banks
may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On June 30, 1990,
nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes effect. Laws passed in
1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding companies from outside the newly
established region to set up limited purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office
banks restricted to the credit card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal region
are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make certain
community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from states in
Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates
that the Florida institution being acquired must be at least two years old.
Under a 1972 law, Florida also permits two out-of-state bank holding companies
(NCNB Corp. of North Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already
have grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia may acquire
Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under provisions of the state's
1984 law.  Mississippi will be included when its reciprocal law becomes
effective July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted to buy
Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does not hinge on
reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire Illinois banks and
bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group if it enacts reciprocal
legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal banking becomes effective
Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into law in September 1987, this
bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law, passed
in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June 1, 1987,
adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a reciprocal basis goes
into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota based
Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest operations in Iowa
are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.

KENTUCKY: Beginning July 13, 1986, holding companies from any state that offers
reciprocal privileges may acquire banks in Kentucky at the rate of three per
year. This limitation expires July 13, 1989. At all times, no company will be
allowed to control more than 15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987, banking
companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks. Mississippi was added to the list
July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law became effective. Arkansas is included if
it enacts the required legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal
basis became effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional pact
drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose banks in
Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1, 1986, Citibank
was given permission to establish limited-service operations and 10 offices a
year for two years in the state. Citibank is also now allowed to solicit
business. In a separate regional reciprocal arrangement, banks in Delaware,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Maryland
banks. As of July 1, 1987, bank holding companies in Alabama, Florida, Kentucky,
Louisiana, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, are permitted to
enter the state. Arkansas, Georgia, and Tennessee lack the necessary reciprocal
laws; Mississippi was added to the list on July 1, 1988.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank holding
company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire Michigan
banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a reciprocal basis under a
law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking companies
from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire Minnesota banks
on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no reciprocal interstate laws.
The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203 (effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho,
Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the
list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire Mississippi
banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia also will be
allowed to enter the state on a reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas, Illinois,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have been permitted to
acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has no reciprocal legislation
and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one year
beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central region are
Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal interstate banking
becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law. The
state's laws hinge on reciprocal legislation in Alaska, Arizona, Colorado,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
Hawaii and Missouri have not passed the required laws. After July 1, 1990,
out-of-state organizations will be permitted to establish a de novo office.
Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1, 1987,
banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont may
acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow New Hampshire
banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of the interstate law
every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan. 1,
1988.

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a depository
institution must have operated continuously for at least five years. De novo
entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may
enter this state under a law enacted in 1984. Mississippi will be included when
its nationwide reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes
eligible if it enacts reciprocal legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may acquire
Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two laws enacted in
1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding companies. The first
permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase a thrift institution
closed pending acquisition of federal deposit insurance. A second bill effective
Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to
enter Ohio. They were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank
and thrift deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District
of Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in the
nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma institutions.
There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's law. However, in order
to expand after the purchase, the acquiring institution's home state must have
similar legislation on its books. If no legislation exists, the out-of-state
institution must wait four years before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy
Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking companies in those
states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under a law effective July 1,
1989, Oregon will open its borders to nationwide interstate banking on a
nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA: Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking companies
from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to acquire banks in
Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are included
if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York banks will be allowed in the state
on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND: Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any state
may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire South Carolina banks
that have been in operation for five years or more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed restrictions and
opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a nationwide basis.
Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the extent that such
activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment of South Dakota
companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in this state that have
been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire Texas
banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no Texas bank
chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has been in operation
for at least five years. The state also requires that at least 50% of the board
of directors of any banking company new in the state be Texas residents. Also,
the law prohibits any out-of-state bank from acquiring control of a Texas bank
if, as a result of that acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding
company would control 25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the
state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may acquire
healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks. After Feb. 1, 1990,
banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a reciprocal basis. With
shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out an acquisition by an
out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United States
may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations however, must be
restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank holding companies from
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
may acquire Virginia banks that are at least two years old. Mississippi is added
to this list when its reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire a
failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives final
approval. Under a law that took effect in July 1987, banking companies
nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that are at least three
years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from any
state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and loans, but
only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at least two years
old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and credit
unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio
may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions in Wisconsin on a
reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from any
state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The law, passed
early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the
charter of the in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years
old.
The American Banker

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 2989 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              194 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            December 18, 2015 Friday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Here's a legal lesson

BYLINE: CARLY CRAWFORD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 284  words


FORMER AFL boss Andrew Demetriou's training company, Acquire Learning, has been
-accused of "unconscionable conduct" by pushing people with learning
disabilities into taxpayer-funded training courses, in return for -commissions.

The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission alleges in court docu-ments
that Acquire, a training services broker, pressured three people with learning
problems into signing up.

The Herald Sun can also reveal a second federal regulator is assessing further
complaints about the quality of service -offered by the group.

The Asia Pacific Training Institute, a training body owned by Acquire, is the
subject of a probe by the Australian Skills Quality Authority which patrols
education standards in the troubled sector.

Separately, the ACCC filed documents in the Federal Court yesterday accusing -
Acquire of "false, misleading and deceptive conduct".

The documents outline -Acquire's calls to eight jobseekers, three of whom had
-allegedly told the caller they had mental illness, learning problems or mild
illiteracy.

Acquire staff allegedly used high-pressure sales tactics, -including offering
free iPads to those who signed up instantly.

The ACCC -alleges Acquire got commissions from training organisations it
promoted.

Mr Demetriou, a former teacher, became Acquire's executive chairman in July
2014. His son, Tim, is its "global operations" boss with responsibility for
areas including sales and "student acquisition".

Acquire managing director John Wall said: "These proceedings relate to alleged
historical matters and are not a reflection of current practices which, we
believe, represent an industry-leading approach to compliance and
fairness."carly.crawford@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                January 23, 2017

                                  Indutrade AB

                        Raseborgsgatan 9, P.O. Box 6044
                                  Kista 164 06
                                     Sweden

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2017 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company signed an agreement to acquire 100% stake in RS Technics BV.

2016 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company signed an agreement to acquire PECO Select Fasteners B.V.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company signed an agreement to acquire 100% stake in Industri VerktÃ¸y
AS.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company signed an agreement to acquire 100% stake in Klokkerholm
Karosseridele A/S.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company signed an agreement to acquire Vacuum Engineering Services Ltd.

2016 - Plans/Strategy

   In July, Indutrade planed to acquire Crysberg, which develops and
manufactures electronic control solutions.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In April, the company acquired Geomek Stockholms Geomekaniska AB

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired 100% stake in Combilent A/S.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Cepro International BV in Rijen, The Netherlands.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Sepab Fordonsprodukter AB, Sweden.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company announced the acquisition of 100% stake in Trelawny SPT.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company announced the acquisition of Adaero Precision Components Ltd in
the UK.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company announced the acquisition of Milltech Precision Engineering Ltd.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company announced the acquisition of Recair Oy., a manufacturer of air
treatment equipment in Finland.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company sets plans to acquire Relekta Group in Norway.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into an agreement to acquire EPE-Goldman BV.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company signed an agreement to acquire Fergin Sverige AB, Sweden.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company signed an agreement to acquire Professional Parts Sweden AB.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In December, the company acquired Belgium's Verbeeck Packaging Group.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Iris HjÃ¤lpmedel AB from Karnell's fund K3.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Micro Spring and Presswork Ltd, a manufacturer of
industrial springs in the UK.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Svenska Geotech AB, a provider of building site
preparation products.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company has acquired BL Products AB.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company has acquired Corrosion Resistant Products.

2013 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In December, the company acquired Thermotech AS.

2013 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired all of the shares in Kin Pompentechniek BV, a technical
sales company with focus on pumps.

2011 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Mijnsbergen and ATB Automation.

2010 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company's subsidiary Oy Lining Ab acquired Flowtech Finland Oy.

1978 - Incorporation/Establishment

   The company was founded.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017


                              196 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

THRIFT TRIGGER DATES;
A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                           December 7, 1989, Thursday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 (IC 28-2-15-1) permits savings and loans in
the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire
Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The region was subsequently expanded to
include Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, Tennessee, Missouri, Iowa, and
Wisconsin to the extent that they meet Indiana's reciprocal test.  The
legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987. No out-of-state association may acquire
more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state. Nationwide reciprocal interstate
banking takes effect July 1, 1992 (IC 28-2-16-1 et seq.).

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan.
1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de
novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.
OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 2510 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              197 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                           November 9, 1989, Thursday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1. The March 1987 law does not hinge
on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: A bill passed in April 1987 (IC 28-2-15-1) permits savings and loans in
the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to acquire
Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The region was subsequently expanded to
include Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, Tennessee, Missouri, Iowa, and
Wisconsin to the extent that they meet Indiana's reciprocal test.  The
legislation took effect Sept. 1, 1987. No out-of-state association may acquire
more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state. Nationwide reciprocal interstate
banking takes effect July 1, 1992 (IC 28-2-16-1 et seq.).

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan.
1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de
novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allows for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: THRIFT TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 2511 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              198 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               September 6, 2012

                              A.P. Eagers Limited

                                    QLD 4006
                                   Australia

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


A.P. Eagers announces to acquire Melbourne City Toyota

   Date: 10/1/2008 12:00:00 AM

   A.P. Eagers Limited, an automotive retail group, announced to acquire
Melbourne City Toyota, a new and used car retailer, for a purchase consideration
of AUD 13 ($10.40) million. The purchase consideration does not include land and
building. The acquisition will be funded through the payment of cash available
from debt facilities previously agreed with the A. P. Eagers' financiers Mr.
Wayne Stewart, current Dealer Principal of Melbourne City, will remain with the
business.


Adtrans acquires Camden Hino

   Date: 2/22/2008 12:00:00 AM

   A.P. Eagers Limited, an automotive retail group, announced to acquire
Melbourne City Toyota, a new and used car retailer, for a purchase consideration
of AUD 13 ($10.40) million. The purchase consideration does not include land and
building. The acquisition will be funded through the payment of cash available
from debt facilities previously agreed with the A. P. Eagers' financiers Mr.
Wayne Stewart, current Dealer Principal of Melbourne City, will remain with the
business.


A.P. Eagers acquires Bill Buckle Auto Group

   Date: 12/13/2007 12:00:00 AM

   A.P. Eagers Limited, an automotive retail group, announced to acquire
Melbourne City Toyota, a new and used car retailer, for a purchase consideration
of AUD 13 ($10.40) million. The purchase consideration does not include land and
building. The acquisition will be funded through the payment of cash available
from debt facilities previously agreed with the A. P. Eagers' financiers Mr.
Wayne Stewart, current Dealer Principal of Melbourne City, will remain with the
business.


A.P. Eagers acquires 22.4% stake in Adtrans Group

   Date: 4/20/2007 12:00:00 AM

   A.P. Eagers Limited, an automotive retail group, announced to acquire
Melbourne City Toyota, a new and used car retailer, for a purchase consideration
of AUD 13 ($10.40) million. The purchase consideration does not include land and
building. The acquisition will be funded through the payment of cash available
from debt facilities previously agreed with the A. P. Eagers' financiers Mr.
Wayne Stewart, current Dealer Principal of Melbourne City, will remain with the
business.


A.P. Eagers acquires Surfers City Holden

   Date: 7/12/2007 12:00:00 AM

   A.P. Eagers Limited, an automotive retail group, announced to acquire
Melbourne City Toyota, a new and used car retailer, for a purchase consideration
of AUD 13 ($10.40) million. The purchase consideration does not include land and
building. The acquisition will be funded through the payment of cash available
from debt facilities previously agreed with the A. P. Eagers' financiers Mr.
Wayne Stewart, current Dealer Principal of Melbourne City, will remain with the
business.


A.P. Eagers acquires Kloster Motor

   Date: 2/28/2007 12:00:00 AM

   A.P. Eagers Limited, an automotive retail group, announced to acquire
Melbourne City Toyota, a new and used car retailer, for a purchase consideration
of AUD 13 ($10.40) million. The purchase consideration does not include land and
building. The acquisition will be funded through the payment of cash available
from debt facilities previously agreed with the A. P. Eagers' financiers Mr.
Wayne Stewart, current Dealer Principal of Melbourne City, will remain with the
business.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *



Investments




 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012


                              199 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Watchdog clears Acquire Learning of breaches

BYLINE: KYLAR LOUSSIKIAN

SECTION: HIGHEREDUCATION; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 373  words


ACQUIRE Learning has been cleared of alleged breaches of marketing standards
after an inquiry by the Australian Skills Quality Authority.

While Acquire does not provide training courses, it markets and co-ordinates
student learning through partnered registered training providers.

In November, ASQA said it would investigate claims Acquire had been
inappropriately enrolling jobseekers who had applied for positions advertised on
job-finding website Seek after receiving a number of complaints.

Similar allegations surfaced last year about other student recruiters including
the Empowered People Group, where students claimed they were asked to undertake
training that was unnecessary for the positions they had applied for, and where
the original advertised position did not exist.

ASQA wrote to Acquire-affiliated RTOs seeking assurances about compliance with
relevant marketing standards.

"Acquire Learning is not (an) RTO and is therefore not regulated by ASQA;
however, ASQA does regulate RTOs that partner with Acquire Learning," an ASQA
spokesman said.

"These RTOs must meet the required standards regarding ethical and accurate
marketing (by) providing information to prospective students and providing
support to students.

"The written responses and material supplied was reviewed by ASQA officers and
it was concluded that the RTOs were operating consistently with the requirements
of the standards." Acquire's managing director John Wall said he hoped the
findings would "close the chapter on this trivial issue".

"From day one, we have welcomed all questions about what we do," he said. "At
Acquire, we take all legal, regulatory and compliance matters extremely
seriously. We pride ourselves on being totally transparent and will continue to
work with the regulator." ASQA said new national standards for RTOs were being
implemented from April for existing providers, and would require them to provide
greater clarity around marketing, and grant the regulator more powers to monitor
arrangements "between RTOs and brokers or spruikers who work on their behalf".A
Senate inquiry into the vocational training system has been specifically
instructed to investigate the marketing and promotional techniques employed by
private providers.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                                October 14, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: Frank's, Polaris, Stanley Black & Decker;
Frank's Acquires Blackhawk; Polaris adds Transamerican; Stanley Black buys
Newell's Irwin tools

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 4335  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Silver Hill Energy    RSP Permian Inc          2,547.7      RSP Permian Inc
Partners LLC                                              agreed to acquire
                                                         Silver Hill Energy
                                                            Partners LLC, a
                                                               Dallas-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                           natural gas, for
                                                         $2.548 billion via
                                                            an auction. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                          consist of $1.250
                                                        billion in cash and
                                                         the issuance of 31
                                                             million common
                                                        shares collectively
                                                           valued at $1.297
                                                        billion. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                        RSP's closing stock
                                                         price of $41.86 on
                                                       12 October 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                        August 2016, Silver
                                                        Hill was rumored to
                                                         be seeking a buyer
                                                           for the company.
Newell Brands         Stanley Black &          1,950.0      Stanley Black &
Inc-Tools Business         Decker Inc                            Decker Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire the tools
                                                         business of Newell
                                                             Brands Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                               consumer and
                                                       commercial products,
                                                         for $1.95 billion.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                       October 2016, Newell
                                                           Brands announced
                                                       that it is seeking a
                                                              buyer for its
                                                                businesses.
Noble Americas           Calpine Corp          1,048.0  Calpine Corp agreed
Energy Solutions                                             to acquire the
LLC                                                    entire share capital
                                                          of Noble Americas
                                                           Energy Solutions
                                                                 LLC, a San
                                                       Diego-based provider
                                                         of natural gas and
                                                         power distribution
                                                       services, from Noble
                                                       Group Ltd for around
                                                            $1.048 billion.
                                                         Originally, in May
                                                                2016, Noble
                                                          announced that it
                                                        was seeking a buyer
                                                        for Noble Americas.
Transamerican Auto Polaris Industries            665.0   Polaris Industries
Parts Co Inc                      Inc                         Inc agreed to
                                                                    acquire
                                                         Transamerican Auto
                                                            Parts Co Inc, a
                                                              Compton-based
                                                              manufacturer,
                                                            distributor and
                                                       marketer of off-road
                                                                  parts and
                                                            accessories for
                                                            jeeps and light
                                                         trucks, for around
                                                          $665 million from
                                                           Orix Finance Co,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                                 ORIX Corp.
Blackhawk                     Frank's            320.8     Via a stock swap
Specialty Tools      International NV                      transaction, FWW
LLC                                                       BV's unit Frank's
                                                          International NV,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                               of Blackhawk
                                                       Specialty Tools LLC,
                                                            a Houston-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                               construction
                                                             machinery, for
                                                            around $320.753
                                                               million from
                                                            Blackhawk Group
                                                              Holdings Inc,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                       Bain Capital Private
                                                                Equity. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist of $150
                                                       million in cash plus
                                                        12.8 million common
                                                        shares collectively
                                                         valued at $170.752
                                                        million. The shares
                                                             were valued at
                                                         $13.34 apiece on 5
                                                          October 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
Glacier Water        Primo Water Corp            263.0     Primo Water Corp
Services Inc                                            definitively agreed
                                                              to merge with
                                                              Glacier Water
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                         Vista-based owner,
                                                               operator and
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                              water vending
                                                       machines, for around
                                                          $263 million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                             consist of $50
                                                       million in cash, $36
                                                           million in Primo
                                                         common shares, and
                                                          the assumption of
                                                            $177 million in
                                                               liabilities.
Critical Flow                  CIRCOR            210.0 CIRCOR International
Solutions Inc       International Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                              Critical Flow
                                                           Solutions Inc, a
                                                       Salt Lake City-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           service industry
                                                        machinery, for $210
                                                                   million.
Gas Natural Inc    First Reserve Corp            137.8   First Reserve Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to merge with Gas
                                                             Natural Inc, a
                                                               Mentor-based
                                                        provider of natural
                                                           gas distribution
                                                       services, for $13.10
                                                       per share or a total
                                                       of $137.757 mil, via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
The Golf Club at    HNA Holding Group            137.5      Hong Kong's HNA
Newcastle,Newcastl             Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
e,Washington                                            Ltd, a unit of Hong
                                                           Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                        to acquire The Golf
                                                       Club at Newcastle, a
                                                       Newcastle-based golf
                                                         course and country
                                                       club, from Newcastle
                                                                  Golf LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, HNA
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                             the Washington
                                                        National Golf Club,
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                             Redmond Ridge,
                                                         Trophy Lake Golf &
                                                           Casting, Harbour
                                                          Pointe Golf Club,
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                         Hawks Prairie, The
                                                           Plateau Club and
                                                       Indian Summer Golf &
                                                          Country Club. The
                                                         eight transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                           value of $137.47
                                                                   million.
Jefferson County           Enterprise            130.9 Enterprise Financial
Bancshares Inc     Financial Services                        Services Corp,
                   Corp,Clayton,Misso                   definitively agreed
                                  uri                         to merge with
                                                           Jefferson County
                                                          Bancshares Inc, a
                                                                  Jefferson
                                                               County-based
                                                        provider of banking
                                                       services, for around
                                                       $130.946 million via
                                                               a stock swap
                                                           transaction. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                           consist of $26.6
                                                        million in cash and
                                                        the issuance of 3.3
                                                        million EFSC common
                                                        shares collectively
                                                         valued at $104.346
                                                        million. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                       EFSC's closing stock
                                                         price of $31.62 on
                                                       10 October 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
Implant Sciences   L-3 Communications            117.5   L-3 Communications
Corp-Explosives          Holdings Inc                   Holdings Inc agreed
Trace Detection                                              to acquire the
Assets                                                     explosives trace
                                                        detection assets of
                                                       the bankrupt Implant
                                                           Sciences Corp, a
                                                            Wakefield-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            sensitive trace
                                                        explosive detection
                                                        devices, for $117.5
                                                                   mil. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                                 include an
                                                         undisclosed amount
                                                        in liabilities. The
                                                             transaction is
                                                             subject to the
                                                            approval of the
                                                          Bankruptcy Court.
Columbus Container  Packaging Corp of            100.0    Packaging Corp of
Inc                           America                  America definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                         Columbus Container
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                             Columbus-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           fiber boxes, for
                                                              $100 million.
Denny Oil                   Sunoco LP             53.0   Sunoco LP acquired
Co-Convenience                                              the convenience
Store & Wholesale                                       store and wholesale
Fuel Distribution                                         fuel distribution
Business                                                  business of Denny
                                                                  Oil Co, a
                                                          Nacogdoches-based
                                                             wholesaler and
                                                                retailer of
                                                        petroleum products,
                                                             for around $53
                                                                   million.
Isle of Capri       CQ Holding Co Inc             40.0 CQ Holding Co Inc, a
Casinos Inc- Lady                                      unit of Casino Queen
Luck Casino                                               Inc, definitively
Marquette                                                 agreed to acquire
                                                       the Lady Luck Casino
                                                       Marquette of Isle of
                                                       Capri Casinos Inc, a
                                                             St Louis-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       recreation services,
                                                           for $40 million.
Kierland Village           JLL Income             34.5  JLL Income Property
Center             Property Trust Inc                    Trust Inc acquired
                                                           Kierland Village
                                                                  Center, a
                                                           grocery-anchored
                                                         shopping center in
                                                            Scottsdale, for
                                                             $34.5 million.
Centennial           Ramco-Gershenson             32.1     Ramco-Gershenson
Shops,Edina,Minnes   Properties Trust                      Properties Trust
ota                                                     acquired Centennial
                                                                  Shops, an
                                                         85,000-square-foot
                                                           upscale shopping
                                                           center in Edina,
                                                       Minnesota, for $32.1
                                                                   million.
Nexus Corp                  Gibraltar             25.0 Gibraltar Industries
                       Industries Inc                    Inc acquired Nexus
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Northglenn-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       greenhouses, for $25
                                                                   million.
King Maker                    Premier             24.0              Premier
Marketing Inc       Manufacturing Inc                     Manufacturing Inc
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                            capital of King
                                                       Maker Marketing Inc,
                                                            a Paramus-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       cigarettes, from ITC
                                                         Ltd for around $24
                                                                   million.
Immunetics Inc       Oxford Immunotec             12.0     Oxford Immunotec
                           Global PLC                  Global PLC of the UK
                                                        acquired Immunetics
                                                        Inc, a Boston-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        products that solve
                                                       significant problems
                                                              in diagnostic
                                                                testing and
                                                          research, for $12
                                                                   mil. The
                                                              consideration
                                                            consisted of $6
                                                        million in cash and
                                                        up to $6 million in
                                                             profit related
                                                                  payments.
North Delta             Global Vision              7.7        Global Vision
Hospice &                Holdings Inc                   Holdings Inc signed
Palliative                                               a letter of intent
Services LLC                                               to acquire North
                                                            Delta Hospice &
                                                        Palliative Services
                                                       LLC (NDHP), the only
                                                            in-patient care
                                                       facility in northern
                                                           Mississippi, for
                                                            $7.651 million.
Appterra                The Descartes              7.4        The Descartes
                    Systems Group Inc                  Systems Group Inc of
                                                            Canada acquired
                                                         Appterra, a Flower
                                                       Mound-based software
                                                        developer, for $7.4
                                                                   mil. The
                                                              consideration
                                                          consisted of $5.8
                                                        million in cash and
                                                         up to $1.6 million
                                                          in profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Aircraft Services      Saker Aviation              0.3       Saker Aviation
Inc                      Services Inc                          Services Inc
                                                          acquired Aircraft
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                          Garden City-based
                                                       provider of aircraft
                                                                maintenance
                                                         services, for $0.3
                                                                   million.
Vaco Technology      Advanced Network                      Advanced Network
Services LLC            Solutions LLC                         Solutions LLC
                                                        acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                            Vaco Technology
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                            Brentwood-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
Allied Specialty        AdvancePierre                   AdvancePierre Foods
Foods Inc          Foods Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                            acquired Allied
                                                       Specialty Foods Inc,
                                                           a Vineland-based
                                                           meat wholesaler.
Chromaflo                    American                   American Securities
Technologies Corp      Securities LLC                  LLC plans to acquire
                                                                  Chromaflo
                                                         Technologies Corp,
                                                         an Ashtabula-based
                                                           chemical pigment
                                                                dispersions
                                                        manufacturer, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Stroz Friedberg               Aon PLC                     Aon PLC of the UK
LLC                                                       agreed to acquire
                                                       Stroz Friedberg LLC,
                                                           a New York-based
                                                       provider of computer
                                                          related services,
                                                          from New Mountain
                                                         Capital LLC. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Sigma Electric     Argand Partners LP                    Argand Partners LP
Manufacturing Corp                                           acquired Sigma
                                                                   Electric
                                                        Manufacturing Corp,
                                                             a Garner-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       fabricated pipes and
                                                       pipe fittings, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                         transaction. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
USTeleradiology        Aris Radiology                        Aris Radiology
LLC                                                             acquired US
                                                         Teleradiology LLC,
                                                           an Atlanta-based
                                                        provider of offsite
                                                        radiology services.
Learfield           Atairos Group Inc                     Atairos Group Inc
Communications Inc                                      definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire Learfield
                                                        Communications Inc,
                                                          a Jefferson-based
                                                        radio network, from
                                                          Providence Equity
                                                        Partners LLC. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Lofty.com            Auction Mobility                  Auction Mobility LLC
                                  LLC                   acquired Lofty.com,
                                                                  an online
                                                       marketplace for fine
                                                          art, antiques and
                                                              collectibles.
Pet Food Zoom           Bentley's Pet                   Bentley's Pet Stuff
                            Stuff Ltd                      Ltd acquired Pet
                                                               Food Zoom, a
                                                         Bloomingdale-based
                                                        manufacturer of dog
                                                             and cat foods.
Magnum Systems Inc  Blue Sage Capital                  Blue Sage Capital LP
                                   LP                       acquired Magnum
                                                             Systems Inc, a
                                                              Parsons-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                               conveyor and
                                                       conveying equipment,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Action Wholesale            Boardwalk                             Boardwalk
Liquor Co             Distribution Co                   Distribution Co Ltd
                                 LLtd                  plans to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of Action Wholesale
                                                              Liquor Co, an
                                                        alcoholic beverages
                                                                wholesaler.
Avana Southgate           Capreit Inc                  Capreit Inc acquired
Apartments                                                  Avana Southgate
                                                              Apartments, a
                                                         256-unit apartment
                                                               community in
                                                                Louisville.
Avon Water Co       Connecticut Water                     Connecticut Water
                          Service Inc                    Service Inc agreed
                                                         to merge with Avon
                                                               Water Co, an
                                                           Avon-based water
                                                           utility company.
Phenomenex Inc           Danaher Corp                          Danaher Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                          Phenomenex Inc, a
                                                             Torrance-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 analytical
                                                                 laboratory
                                                         instruments. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                               sources with
                                                           knowledge of the
                                                        matter, the deal is
                                                             expected to be
                                                             valued at $700
                                                                   million.
BDS VirCon LLC         DBM Global Inc                        DBM Global Inc
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          BDS VirCon LLC, a
                                                       Tempe-based building
                                                                information
                                                           modelling, steel
                                                        detailing and rebar
                                                            detailing firm.
                                                          Concurrently, DBM
                                                           Global of the US
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                            the detailing &
                                                       building information
                                                        modeling management
                                                            business of PDC
                                                         Global Pty Ltd, an
                                                           Applecross-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                engineering
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
The Radiant Group    DigitalGlobe Inc                      DigitalGlobe Inc
Inc                                                     definitively agreed
                                                         to acquire Radiant
                                                               Group Inc, a
                                                            Chantilly-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                technology,
                                                            tradecraft, and
                                                          analytics support
                                                                  services.
GlobalView           Drillinginfo Inc                   Drillinginfo Inc, a
Software Inc                                                unit of Insight
                                                           Venture Partners
                                                              LLC, acquired
                                                        GlobalView Software
                                                       Inc, a Chicago-based
                                                         provider of custom
                                                       computer programming
                                                                  services.
Giant Cement         Elementia SAB de                   Elementia SAB de CV
Holding Inc                        CV                    of Mexico signed a
                                                       letter of intent to
                                                              acquire a 55%
                                                          interest in Giant
                                                        Cement Holding Inc,
                                                        an Alexandria-based
                                                       cement manufacturer,
                                                              from Cementos
                                                       Portland Valderrivas
                                                       SA, owned by Fomento
                                                        de Construcciones y
                                                              Contratas SA.
Connext Financial     ENGS Commercial                       ENGS Commercial
Ltd                        Finance Co                    Finance Co, a unit
                                                        of Aquiline Capital
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                        acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          Connext Financial
                                                                    Ltd, an
                                                         Indianapolis-based
                                                          provider of sales
                                                        financing services.
Wheelhouse              Envestnet Inc                         Envestnet Inc
Analytics LLC                                           acquired Wheelhouse
                                                           Analytics LLC, a
                                                         West Chester-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                             data analytics
                                                                  services.
Pediatria                 Epic Health                  Epic Health Services
Healthcare for           Services Inc                        Inc, a unit of
Kids                                                        Webster Capital
                                                            Management LLC,
                                                         acquired Pediatria
                                                       Healthcare for Kids,
                                                           a Norcross-based
                                                         provider of health
                                                          care services for
                                                          medically complex
                                                                  children.
Interior                    EwingCole                    EwingCole plans to
Architecture and                                       acquire the Interior
Design                                                       Architecture &
                                                       Design (IDeA), PLLC,
                                                              a provider of
                                                              architectural
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Pacific Oil Co      Financial Gravity                     Financial Gravity
                         Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                        acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          Pacific Oil Co, a
                                                            Las Vegas-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                               natural gas.
TD Service             First American                        First American
Financial Corp Inc     Financial Corp                        Financial Corp
                                                        acquired TD Service
                                                        Financial Corp Inc,
                                                            an Orange-based
                                                           mortgage banking
                                                                  services.
TechSuite                   Flatirons                   Flatirons Solutions
                       Solutions Corp                       Corp, a unit of
                                                       InfoTrust Group Inc,
                                                        acquired TechSuite,
                                                              a provider of
                                                           computer systems
                                                           design services.
MirImmune Inc        Galena Biopharma                   RXI Pharmaceuticals
                                  Inc                       Corp, a unit of
                                                           Galena Biopharma
                                                             Inc, agreed to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           MirImmune Inc, a
                                                            Cambridge-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       biological products.
VXI Corp                 GN Audio A/S                       GN Audio A/S of
                                                         Denmark, a unit of
                                                         GN Store Nord A/S,
                                                       plans to acquire VXI
                                                        Corp, a Dover-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                  telephone
                                                          apparatuses, from
                                                            Vicente Capital
                                                              Partners LLC.
C24 Technologies    Gresham Computing                     Gresham Computing
Ltd                               PLC                         PLC of the UK
                                                               acquired C24
                                                        Technologies Ltd, a
                                                             New York-based
                                                        software publisher.
Ruggles Green          Hargett Hunter                        Hargett Hunter
Holdings LLC         Capital Partners                  Capital Partners LLC
                                  LLC                           acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                        interest in Ruggles
                                                        Green Holdings LLC,
                                                            a Houston-based
                                                           operator of full
                                                       service restaurants.
Meshify Inc            Hartford Steam                        Hartford Steam
                    Boiler Inspection                   Boiler Inspection &
                       & Insurance Co                  Insurance Co, a unit
                                                          of HSB Group Inc,
                                                           acquired Meshify
                                                       Inc, a Houston-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             communications
                                                                 equipment.
Violation                Highway Toll                          Highway Toll
Management         Administration LLC                    Administration LLC
Services Inc                                             acquired Violation
                                                        Management Services
                                                              Inc, a Roslyn
                                                              Heights-based
                                                           provider of road
                                                             transportation
                                                          support services.
Washington          HNA Holding Group                       Hong Kong's HNA
National Golf                  Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
Club,Auburn,Washin                                      Ltd, a unit of Hong
gton                                                       Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                        Washington National
                                                              Golf Club, an
                                                          Auburn-based golf
                                                         course and country
                                                                 club, from
                                                        Washington National
                                                                  Golf LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, HNA
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                        Newcastle, The Golf
                                                            Club at Redmond
                                                         Ridge, Trophy Lake
                                                            Golf & Casting,
                                                        Harbour Pointe Golf
                                                        Club, The Golf Club
                                                          at Hawks Prairie,
                                                       The Plateau Club and
                                                       Indian Summer Golf &
                                                          Country Club. The
                                                         eight transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                           value of $137.47
                                                                   million.
The Golf Club at    HNA Holding Group                       Hong Kong's HNA
Redmond                        Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
Ridge,Redmond,Wash                                      Ltd, a unit of Hong
ington                                                     Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                        to acquire The Golf
                                                            Club at Redmond
                                                                   Ridge, a
                                                         Redmond-based golf
                                                         course and country
                                                         club, from Redmond
                                                            Ridge Golf LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, HNA
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                                 Newcastle,
                                                        Washington National
                                                          Golf Club, Trophy
                                                       Lake Golf & Casting,
                                                        Harbour Pointe Golf
                                                        Club, The Golf Club
                                                          at Hawks Prairie,
                                                       The Plateau Club and
                                                       Indian Summer Golf &
                                                          Country Club. The
                                                         eight transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                           value of $137.47
                                                                   million.
Trophy Lake Golf &  HNA Holding Group                       Hong Kong's HNA
Casting,Port                   Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
Orchard,Washington                                      Ltd, a unit of Hong
                                                           Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                          to acquire Trophy
                                                       Lake Golf & Casting,
                                                       a Port Orchard-based
                                                            golf course and
                                                         country club, from
                                                           Trophy Lake Golf
                                                         LLC. Concurrently,
                                                              HNA agreed to
                                                           acquire The Golf
                                                         Club at Newcastle,
                                                        Washington National
                                                        Golf Club, The Golf
                                                            Club at Redmond
                                                             Ridge, Harbour
                                                          Pointe Golf Club,
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                         Hawks Prairie, The
                                                           Plateau Club and
                                                       Indian Summer Golf &
                                                          Country Club. The
                                                         eight transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                           value of $137.47
                                                                   million.
Harbour Pointe      HNA Holding Group                       Hong Kong's HNA
Golf                           Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
Club,Mukilteo,Wash                                      Ltd, a unit of Hong
ington                                                     Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                         to acquire Harbour
                                                        Pointe Golf Club, a
                                                        Mukilteo-based golf
                                                         course and country
                                                         club, from Harbour
                                                           Pointe Golf LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, HNA
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                                 Newcastle,
                                                        Washington National
                                                        Golf Club, The Golf
                                                            Club at Redmond
                                                         Ridge, Trophy Lake
                                                        Golf & Casting, The
                                                         Golf Club at Hawks
                                                       Prairie, The Plateau
                                                            Club and Indian
                                                              Summer Golf &
                                                          Country Club. The
                                                         eight transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                           value of $137.47
                                                                   million.
The Golf Club at    HNA Holding Group                       Hong Kong's HNA
Hawks                          Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
Prairie,Lacey,Wash                                      Ltd, a unit of Hong
ington                                                     Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                        to acquire The Golf
                                                              Club at Hawks
                                                                 Prairie, a
                                                           Lacey-based golf
                                                         course and country
                                                           club, from Hawks
                                                          Prairie Golf LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, HNA
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                                 Newcastle,
                                                        Washington National
                                                        Golf Club, The Golf
                                                            Club at Redmond
                                                         Ridge, Trophy Lake
                                                            Golf & Casting,
                                                        Harbour Pointe Golf
                                                          Club, The Plateau
                                                            Club and Indian
                                                              Summer Golf &
                                                          Country Club. The
                                                         eight transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                           value of $137.47
                                                                   million.
The Plateau         HNA Holding Group                       Hong Kong's HNA
Club,Sammamish,Was             Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
hington                                                 Ltd, a unit of Hong
                                                           Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                             to acquire The
                                                            Plateau Club, a
                                                           Sammamish- based
                                                            golf course and
                                                               country club
                                                             operator, from
                                                          Plateau Golf LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, HNA
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                                 Newcastle,
                                                        Washington National
                                                        Golf Club, The Golf
                                                            Club at Redmond
                                                         Ridge, Trophy Lake
                                                            Golf & Casting,
                                                        Harbour Pointe Golf
                                                        Club, The Golf Club
                                                       at Hawks Prairie and
                                                       Indian Summer Golf &
                                                          Country Club. The
                                                         eight transactions
                                                            have a combined
                                                           value of $137.47
                                                                   million.
Indian Summer Golf  HNA Holding Group                       Hong Kong's HNA
& Country                      Co Ltd                      Holding Group Co
Club,Olympia,Washi                                      Ltd, a unit of Hong
ngton                                                      Kong HNA Holding
                                                       Group Co Ltd, agreed
                                                          to acquire Indian
                                                              Summer Golf &
                                                           Country Club, an
                                                         Olympia-based golf
                                                         course and country
                                                        club operator, from
                                                         Indian Summer LLC.
                                                          Concurrently, HNA
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           The Golf Club at
                                                                 Newcastle,
                                                        Washington National
                                                        Golf Club, The Golf
                                                            Club at Redmond
                                                         Ridge, Trophy Lake
                                                            Golf & Casting,
                                                        Harbour Pointe Golf
                                                        Club, The Golf Club
                                                       at Hawks Prairie and
                                                          The Plateau Club.
                                                                  The eight
                                                        transactions have a
                                                          combined value of
                                                           $137.47 million.
Performance Optics          HOYA Corp                    HOYA Corp of Japan
LLC                                                     definitively agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                         Performance Optics
                                                                 LLC, a New
                                                               Castle-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          ophthalmic goods.
                                                            The transaction
                                                       would include VISION
                                                          EASE and Daemyung
                                                                   Optical.
Cutting Edge            IOT Group Ltd                      IOT Group Ltd of
Products Holdings                                             Australia was
LLC                                                    granted an option to
                                                         raise its stake to
                                                            51% from 40% in
                                                               Cutting Edge
                                                          Products Holdings
                                                             LLC, a Newport
                                                                Beach-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          personal mobility
                                                       devices. Originally,
                                                       IOT plans to acquire
                                                        a 10% stake for $11
                                                            million and was
                                                       granted an option to
                                                         raise its stake to
                                                       20%. By acquiring an
                                                         additional 10%, it
                                                             was granted an
                                                        option to raise its
                                                           stake to 40%. By
                                                          acquiring another
                                                        20% via a privately
                                                                 negotiated
                                                         transaction it was
                                                       subsequently granted
                                                          another option to
                                                                acquire the
                                                           remaining 49% it
                                                       does not already own
                                                                   in CEPH.
Cutting Edge            IOT Group Ltd                      IOT Group Ltd of
Products Holdings                                        Australia plans to
LLC                                                             acquire the
                                                        remaining 49% stake
                                                        it does not already
                                                        own in Cutting Edge
                                                          Products Holdings
                                                             LLC, a Newport
                                                                Beach-based
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          personal mobility
                                                                   devices.
                                                          Concurrently, IOT
                                                         plans to acquire a
                                                          10% stake for $11
                                                            million and was
                                                       granted an option to
                                                         raise its stake to
                                                         20%. Subsequently,
                                                          it was granted an
                                                        option to raise its
                                                         stake to 40% via a
                                                       privately negotiated
                                                       transaction, and was
                                                            then granted an
                                                        option to raise its
                                                           interest to 51%.
Capital Health       Lowe Enterprises                      Lowe Enterprises
Group LLC- St.              Investors                  Investors, a unit of
Augustine                                                  Lowe Enterprises
Plantation,Tallaha                                         Inc, acquired an
ssee,FL                                                undisclosed majority
                                                         ownership interest
                                                           in St. Augustine
                                                              Plantation, a
                                                          Tallahassee-based
                                                       service provider for
                                                            the elderly and
                                                               persons with
                                                         disabilities, from
                                                       Capital Health Group
                                                         LLC, a Media-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
Galaxy                Mentor Graphics                  Mentor Graphics Corp
Semiconductor Inc                Corp                       acquired Galaxy
                                                       Semiconductor Inc, a
                                                              Waltham-based
                                                        software publisher.
EventTracker            Netsurion LLC                          Netsurion is
                                                                  acquiring
                                                            EventTracker, a
                                                       security information
                                                                  and event
                                                         managemenet (SIEM)
                                                              solutions and
                                                           managed services
                                                                 provider.
Irvine             Nitto Denko Avecia                    Nitto Denko Avecia
Pharmaceutical                    Inc                  Inc, a unit of Nitto
Services Inc                                                    Denko Corp,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Irvine
                                                             Pharmaceutical
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        in-vitro diagnostic
                                                                substances.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                       Avecia, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                                      Avrio
                                                         Biopharmaceuticals
                                                       LLC, an Irvine-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                              preparations.
Avrio              Nitto Denko Avecia                    Nitto Denko Avecia
Biopharmaceuticals                Inc                  Inc, a unit of Nitto
LLC                                                             Denko Corp,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire Avrio
                                                         Biopharmaceuticals
                                                       LLC, an Irvine-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                               preparation.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                       Avecia, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                                     Irvine
                                                             Pharmaceutical
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        in-vitro diagnostic
                                                                substances.
Winans Insurance &          Northwest                   Northwest Insurance
Employee Benefits  Insurance Services                  Services Inc, a unit
Inc                Inc(First Security                     of First Security
                       Insurance Inc)                  Insurance Inc, plans
                                                             to acquire the
                                                         remaining stake it
                                                       does not already own
                                                        in Winans Insurance
                                                        & Employee Benefits
                                                          Inc, an insurance
                                                                    agency.
Century at Fenwick   Olympus Property                      Olympus Property
Village,Savannah,G         Management                   Management acquired
eorgia                                                   Century at Fenwick
                                                       Village, a Class "A"
                                                        apartment community
                                                                in Savannah
                                                          completed in 2008
                                                          consisting of 448
                                                           units. Effective
                                                           immediately, the
                                                           property will be
                                                        renamed as "Olympus
                                                                  Fenwick".
Financial Gravity      Pacific Oil Co                        Pacific Oil Co
Holdings Inc                                            acquired the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          Financial Gravity
                                                           Holdings Inc, an
                                                       Allen-based provider
                                                         of integrated tax,
                                                               business and
                                                         financial advisory
                                                             services. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                          deal, Pacific Oil
                                                       will change its name
                                                       to Financial Gravity
                                                          Companies, Inc as
                                                         well as change its
                                                            trading symbol.
Encore Unlimited             Paradigm                   Paradigm Management
LLC                        Management                  Services LLC, a unit
                         Services LLC                    of Summit Partners
                                                        LP, acquired Encore
                                                           Unlimited LLC, a
                                                        Stevens Point-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
ALARIS Group Inc             Paradigm                   Paradigm Management
                           Management                  Services LLC, a unit
                         Services LLC                    of Summit Partners
                                                        LP, acquired ALARIS
                                                               Group Inc, a
                                                               Duluth-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
iTransact.com Inc          Payroc LLC                   Payroc LLC acquired
                                                       iTransact.com Inc, a
                                                           Farmington-based
                                                         provider of credit
                                                              card merchant
                                                                  services.
GlobalServe Inc     PC Connection Inc                     PC Connection Inc
                                                       acquired GlobalServe
                                                          Inc, an Englewood
                                                               Cliffs-based
                                                        software publisher.
Vantis Life          Penn Mutual Life                      Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Co             Insurance Co                  Insurance Co, a unit
                                                            of Harleysville
                                                       Mutual Insurance Co,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to merge with Vantis
                                                       Life Insurance Co, a
                                                              Windsor-based
                                                           provider of life
                                                              insurance and
                                                          annuity services.
Phillips 66               Phillips 66                  Phillips 66 Partners
Co-Crude Refined          Partners LP                         LP, a unit of
Products & Natural                                          Phillips 66 Co,
Gas Liquids                                             definitively agreed
Logistics                                                     to acquire 30
Assets(30)                                              logistics assets of
                                                          Phillips 66 Co, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          refined crude oil
                                                              and petroleum
                                                           products, via an
                                                                   internal
                                                            reorganization.
Harbour Village       Phillips Edison                       Phillips Edison
Shopping               Grocery Center                   Grocery Center REIT
Center,Jacksonvill        REIT II Inc                   II Inc acquired the
e,FL                                                        Harbour Village
                                                         Shopping Center in
                                                              Jacksonville.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                        Philips Edison also
                                                           acquired the Oak
                                                        Mill Mall in Niles.
Oak Mill              Phillips Edison                       Phillips Edison
Mall,Niles,IL          Grocery Center                   Grocery Center REIT
                          REIT II Inc                   II Inc acquired the
                                                           Oak Mill Mall in
                                                       Niles. Concurrently,
                                                        Philips Edison also
                                                       acquired the Harbour
                                                           Village Shopping
                                                                  Center in
                                                              Jacksonville.
Tute Genomics Inc           PierianDx                    PierianDx acquired
                                                       Tute Genomics Inc, a
                                                       Provo-based provider
                                                         of custom computer
                                                                programming
                                                                  services.
Synaptic Solutions  Preferred Systems                     Preferred Systems
Inc                     Solutions Inc                         Solutions Inc
                                                          acquired Synaptic
                                                           Solutions Inc, a
                                                               Reston-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                engineering
                                                                  services.
Bayou Workover          Ranger Energy                         Ranger Energy
Services LLC             Services LLC                          Services LLC
                                                             acquired Bayou
                                                          Workover Services
                                                       LLC, a Houston-based
                                                        provider of support
                                                       services for oil and
                                                            gas operations.
TSG Financial LLC  Risk Strategies Co                    Risk Strategies Co
                                  Inc                  Inc, a unit of Kelso
                                                         & Co, acquired TSG
                                                           Financial LLC, a
                                                          Garden City-based
                                                          insurance agency.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Oneworld Star        Shangying Global                   Shangying Global Co
International                  Co Ltd                          Ltd of China
                                                          acquired Oneworld
                                                        Star International,
                                                        a Los Angeles-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         apparels. The deal
                                                       had a reported value
                                                           of $280 million.
Scientififc              SSI Strategy                          SSI Strategy
Advantage LLC                                           acquired Scientific
                                                           Advantage LLC, a
                                                        Bernardsville-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
Hygea Holdings     Sumtra Diversified                    Sumtra Diversified
Corp                              Inc                  Inc of Canada signed
                                                         a letter of intent
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of Hygea Holdings
                                                        Corp, a Miami-based
                                                                diversified
                                                         healthcare holding
                                                           company existing
                                                          under the laws of
                                                              Nevada, via a
                                                           reverse takeover
                                                               transaction.
Delectus Winery          Vintage Wine                  Vintage Wine Estates
                              Estates                     acquired Delectus
                                                               Winery, a St
                                                       Helena-based winery.
RBC Tile & Stone     Virginia Tile Co                  Virginia Tile Co LLC
LLC                               LLC                   acquired RBC Tile &
                                                               Stone LLC, a
                                                       Plymouth-based floor
                                                        coverings retailer.
SECOA Inc                 Wenger Corp                  Wenger Corp plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                               SECOA Inc, a
                                                             Champlin-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          theatre equipment
                                                          and systems, from
                                                         Fischer Investment
                                                               Capital Inc.
Economy Paper Co    Wescott Financial                     Wescott Financial
Inc                    Advisory Group                        Advisory Group
                                                           acquired Economy
                                                            Paper Co Inc, a
                                                            Rochester-based
                                                          paper wholesaler.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Vcorp Services LLC     Wolters Kluwer                        Wolters Kluwer
                   Governance, Risk &                    Governance, Risk &
                           Compliance                    Compliance, a unit
                                                          of Wolters Kluwer
                                                         NV, acquired Vcorp
                                                            Services LLC, a
                                                               Monsey-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         registered agents,
                                                              UCC and other
                                                            corporate legal
                                                                  services.
Industrial             WPT Industrial                          Canada's WPT
Properties(2),Minn        Real Estate                       Industrial Real
esota,Ohio           Investment Trust                     Estate Investment
                                                           Trust, a unit of
                                                       Welsh Property Trust
                                                              LLC, plans to
                                                                acquire two
                                                                 industrial
                                                         properties. One in
                                                        St. Paul, Minnesota
                                                           and the other in
                                                            Columbus, Ohio.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                          with knowledge of
                                                       the matter, the deal
                                                          is expected to be
                                                          valued at $60.075
                                                                       mil.
Triad Digital       Xaxis Digital Ltd                  Xaxis Digital Ltd of
Media LLC                                                 the UK, a unit of
                                                         WPP PLC, agreed to
                                                              acquire Triad
                                                       Digital Media LLC, a
                                                       St. Petersburg-based
                                                        advertising agency,
                                                            from Rockbridge
                                                         Growth Equity LLC.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
US M&A Deals
Announced October
7 to October 13,
2016
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                           December 21, 2010 Tuesday

Ahead of the news

BYLINE: Edited by Jeffrey Kanige

LENGTH: 927 words


This report is an exclusive compilation of advance intelligence gathered by The
Deal Pipeline's editorial staff. Today's highlights include:

     ·    Dutch vitamins maker acquires Martek, seeks more acquisitions



     ·    Dutch vitamins maker acquires Martek, seeks more acquisitions



     ·    Dutch vitamins maker acquires Martek, seeks more acquisitions



     ·    Dutch vitamins maker acquires Martek, seeks more acquisitions



     ·    Dutch vitamins maker acquires Martek, seeks more acquisitions



     ·    Dutch vitamins maker acquires Martek, seeks more acquisitions


 The full report follows. &nbsp; Dutch vitamins maker acquires Martek, seeks
more acquisitions Vitamins maker Royal DSM NV agreed Tuesday to acquire
Columbia, Md.-based nutrition company Martek Biosciences Corp.

for $1.09 billion in cash and put investors on notice that it is on the prowl
for further purchases. The Heerlen, Netherlands-based buyer said its offer of
$31.50 per Martek share represents a 35% premium to Martek's closing share price
Monday on the Nasdaq. DMS chief financial officer Rolf-Dieter Schwalb told
journalists on a conference call Tuesday morning that the company was on the
lookout for further acquisitions, and would be able to spend up to Euro2.5
billion "without any problem," adding "We don't rule out anything."  and
Grifols, FTC near agreement in Talecris review Spain's Grifols SA and its rival
blood-plasma products maker Talecris Biotherapeutics Inc. appear to be getting
closer to an agreement with the Federal Trade Commission that will allow them to
close their $4 billion proposed merger. According to a filing by the companies
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, they have reached a timing
agreement with the FTC staff and "will not close the Talecris-Grifols merger
until after Feb. 17, 2011, unless early termination is granted by the FTC." Such
timing agreements often indicate that merging parties and antitrust regulators
are working out their differences but may need a few more weeks beyond statutory
deadlines to work out the details of any conditions the government will require.
The deal was initially notified to the government pursuant to the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 on July 6. The FTC has
worried that a takeover of Talecris, which is owned by New York private equity
firm Cerberus Partners LP  and based in Research Triangle Park, N.C., would lead
to higher prices in the blood-plasma market, as the number of global players in
the market would be reduced to four. and  Small buyout firms expected to suffer
under N.Y. placement agent ban A recent settlement agreement by private equity
firm Odyssey Investment Partners LLC with the New York state attorney general's
office offers the latest evidence that New York isn't budging from its ban on
placement agents anytime soon, despite a less restrictive federal rule passed by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in July. Last week, New York-based
Odyssey agreed to pay a $400,000 fine and not to use placement agents in
soliciting commitments from public pension funds anywhere in the U.S., according
to the office of Attorney General and Governor-elect Andrew Cuomo. New York
imposed the ban on the use of placement agents, even registered firms, in April
2009, locking down access to the state pension's $124.8 billion and the city's
five pensions holding almost $104 billion. Odyssey was the latest firm - there
have been 12 to date - to sign on to Cuomo's Code of Conduct, put in place last
year as part of settlements related to sweeping investigations on alleged
kickback schemes. But the rule is bound to have unintended consequences,
industry practitioners said, and will likely have an adverse impact on smaller
private equity funds that rely on placement agents for due diligence and to
bridge information gaps for fundraising purposes. "It's going to hurt PE funds
who don't have resources to do things internally," said Robert Morris, the
founder of Olympus Partners, which is not a party to any of the indictments.
Intel-McAfee clears U.S. hurdle; still faces potentially long EC review Intel
Corp. said U.S. antitrust regulators closed their review of its $7.4 billion
acquisition of McAfee Inc., which remains under review in Brussels. Intel said
the Federal Trade Commission concluded its probe into the pending McAfee
transaction and cleared it. No conditions were disclosed. The chipmaker said it
continues to work with the staff of the European Commission competition team on
their review of Intel's acquisition of the software security company. The
initial expiration date for the EC review is Jan. 12. The foreclosure issues
under review by the EC are the same that the FTC  considered, but the EC tends
to be more concerned with these claims as a means of acquiring or maintaining
dominance, an attorney said. In the end, the EC will probably reach the same
conclusion as the FTC, he said, adding that it is a tough call to predict
whether the European agency will extend its review on Jan. 12. and  WARNING
SIGNS Deficit, recurring losses said to imperil Caprius Marcum LLP expressed
substantial doubt about Caprius Inc.'s ability to continue as a going concern
pointing to the company's working capital deficit and recurring losses from
operations. The company operates in the infectious waste disposal industry. and
Red flag raised on Solar EnerTech Ernst &amp; Young Global Ltd. expressed
substantial doubt about Solar EnerTech Corp.'s ability to continue as a going
concern pointing to the company's recurring losses from operations. The company
develops solar energy products.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                August 17, 2012

                                Uranium One Inc.

                                   ON M5H 2R2
                                     Canada

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Ur-Energy To Acquire Mining Claims From Uranium One Americas In Wyoming

   Date: 2/29/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Completes Public Offering Of 6.74% Bonds Due 2016 For $463.5 Million


   Date: 12/5/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Acquires Uranium Mines From ARMZ

   Date: 6/8/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Rosatom To Acquire 51% Stake In Uranium One

   Date: 12/8/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Energy Fuels And Lynx-Royal Acquires Sage Plains Uranium Property From Uranium
One

   Date: 12/6/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Energy Fuels To Acquire Utah State Mineral Leases From Uranium One

   Date: 11/30/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


JSC Atomredmetzoloto Acquires Interest In Uranium One

   Date: 6/8/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Energy Ventures Acquires Skull Creek Uranium Project

   Date: 10/28/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Energy Ventures Acquires 100% Interest In Aurora Uranium Deposit From Uranium
One

   Date: 5/14/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One To Sell Its Interest In Paladin Energy

   Date: 6/8/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


White Canyon Uranium Acquires 93 Mineral Tenements In Utah From Uranium One

   Date: 3/21/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Completes 5% Convertible Unsecured Subordinated Debentures Offering
For $248.9 Million

   Date: 2/18/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


JSC Atomredmetzoloto To Acquire 3.2% Stake In Uranium One

   Date: 2/8/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Acquires Cogema Mining And Malapai Resources From AREVA And EDF

   Date: 1/31/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


VANE Minerals Acquires Uranium Property In Colorado From Uranium One Americas

   Date: 1/19/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Completes Private Placement Of 3% convertible debentures Due 2019
For $258 Million

   Date: 12/29/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium Energy Acquires South Texas Mining Venture

   Date: 10/14/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Acquires 50% Interest In Karatau Uranium Mine, Kazakhstan From ARMZ
Uranium

   Date: 6/15/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Titan Uranium To Acquire Sheep Mountain Property And  Hollie Claims From Uranium
One

   Date: 8/26/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One To Acquire 100% Interest In MALCO

   Date: 8/10/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Rosatom Acquires 17% Interest In Uranium One

   Date: 6/15/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Black Range Minerals To Form Joint Venture With Uranium One

   Date: 1/2/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


White Canyon Uranium Acquires 100% Interest In Lark-Royal Project From Uranium
One

   Date: 12/18/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Mitsui & Co To Acquire Six Uranium Deposits From Uranium One

   Date: 10/15/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Energy Fuels Acquires Uranium Lease In Grand County From Uranium One

   Date: 5/29/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Acquires Energy Metals

   Date: 6/4/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


Uranium One Inc. Acquires Uranium Assets From U.S. Energy

   Date: 7/11/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


SXR Uranium Acquires UrAsia

   Date: 2/12/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


sxr Uranium Completes Convertible Debenture Offering Of $136.30 Million

   Date: 12/1/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


sxr Uranium Completes Public Offering Of $152.30 Million

   Date: 10/12/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.


sxr Uranium One Completes Private Placement Of $147 Million

   Date: 2/7/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Ur-Energy Inc., a junior mining company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
NFU Wyoming entered into an agreement to acquire unpatented mining claims and
mineral leases in Wyoming from Uranium One Americas Inc., a uranium exploration
company.

Under the terms of the agreement, Uranium One will provide certain geologic data
files related to the area in which the State mineral leases and federal mining
claims are located, in addition to mining claims and mineral leases. As
consideration, Uranium One will acquire a geologic database containing over
3,000 unique drill hole logs, more than 200 report maps, cross-sections and
reports covering an area of interest in Converse County, Wyoming that includes
Uranium One's allemand-ross project.

The property interests consist of two Wyoming State mineral leases and 175
federal mining claims, together covering area of approximately 5,250 acres
(2,124 hectares) and contain uranium deposits.

Wayne Heili, president and CEO of Ur-Energy, said, This agreement to exchange
Wyoming assets between Ur-Energy and Uranium One represents a true win-win
arrangement. The acquired property interests fit well with Ur-Energy's corporate
strategy of expanding the resource base available for processing at the Lost
Creek facility while the database will be useful to Uranium One with respect to
its Allemand-Ross project in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *




Investments



 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2012


                              203 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               High Yield Report

                                October 11, 2010

Weekly Deal Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15 Vol. 23 No. 41

LENGTH: 4186  words


Target | Acquiror

Transaction Synopsis

Advanced Drainage Systems Inc. | Undisclosed Acquiror

Berkshire Partners LLC divested its undisclosed minority stake in Advanced
Drainage Systems Inc, a manufacturer and wholesaler of polyethylene pipes, to an
undisclosed acquiror. Terms were not disclosed.

AirTran Holdings Inc | Southwest Airlines Co

Southwest Airlines Co (Southwest) definitively agreed to acquire the entire
share capital of AirTran Holdings Inc (AirTran), an Orlando-based provider of
passenger airline services, in a stock swap transaction valued at $1.042 bil,
subject to a collar agreement. Southwest offered $3.75 cash in cash and 0.321
common share per AirTran share. Based on Southwest's closing stock price of
$12.28 on 24 September 2010, the last full trading day prior to the
announcement, each AirTran share was valued at $7.692.

Alberto-Culver Co | Unilever PLC

Unilever PLC of the UK definitively agreed to merge with Alberto-Culver Co, a
Melrose Park-based manufacturer and wholesaler of health and beauty products,
for $37.5 in cash per share, or a total value of $3.842 bil.

Advanced Energy Conversion LLC | Ioxus Inc

Ioxus Inc acquired Advanced Energy Conversion LLC, a Ballston Spa-based
manufacturer of energy converter systems.

Advance-Undisclosed Industrial | Terreno Realty Corp

Terreno Realty Corp acquired an undisclosed property portfolio, an owner and
operator of buildings, from Advance at Middlebrook Crossroads LLC, for $27 mil.

Arcapita Inc-Portfolio Cos(5) | HarbourVest Partners LLC

HarbourVest Partners LLC acquired an undisclosed minority stake in five
portfolio companies of Arcapita Inc, an Atlanta- based private equity firm, and
a wholly-owned unit of Arcapita Bank BSC, for $300 mil.

Arizona Chemical Ltd | American Securities LLC

American Securities LLC definitively agreed to acquire a 75% interest in Arizona
Chemical Ltd, a Jacksonville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of pine-based
chemicals, from Rhone Capital III LP, a unit of Rhone Capital LLC, in a
leveraged buyout transaction. Terms were not disclosed.

BHC Marketing Ltd | Futurity First Financial Corp

Futurity First Financial Corp acquired BHC Marketing Ltd, a Woodlands-based
insurance agent company.

Bay Colony Corporate Center | Boston Properties Inc

Boston Properties Inc agreed to acquire the Bay Colony Corporate Center (Bay
Colony), located in Waltham, Massachusetts, an owner and operator of buildings,
for an estimated $185 million. The consideration was to consist of $41.1 million
in cash and the assumption of $143.9 million in liabilities. Previously, Bay
Colony announced that it was seeking a buyer for the company.

Blade Network Technologies Inc | IBM

International Business Machines Corp definitively agreed to acquire Blade
Network Technologies Inc, a Santa Clara-based manufacturer of Ethernet switches.
Terms were not disclosed.

CPG Solutions LLC | KPIT Infosystems Inc

KPIT Infosystems Inc, a wholly-owned unit of KPIT Cummins Infosystems Ltd,
definitively agreed to acquire CPG Solutions LLC, Boca Raton-based provider of
Oracle consulting services, for $13.2 million. The consideration was to consist
of $6 million and up to $7. 2 million in profit-related payments.

Capital Gold Corp | Timmins Gold Corp

Timmins Gold Corp (Timmins) of Canada planned to merge with Capital Gold Corp
(Capital), a New York- based gold mining company, in a stock swap transaction
valued at $600.324 mil, in a reverse takeover transaction. Timmins offered 2.27
shares for every Capital share. Based on Timmins' closing stock price of $1. 904
on 24 Sep 2010, the last full trading day prior to the announcement, each
Capital share was valued at $4.321. Upon completion, Capital was to own 83.43%
of the combined entity.

Chem Rx Corp | PharMerica Corp

PharMerica Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of bankrupt Chem Rx
Corp, a Long Island-based wholesaler and retailer of pharmaceutical products,
for $70.6 mil.

Columbus Gold(US)Corp-Stevens | Navaho Gold Pty Ltd

Navaho Gold Pty Ltd (Navaho) of Australia, a unit of D'Aguilar Gold Ltd, agreed
to acquire a 51% interest in the Stevens Basin gold project from Columbus Gold
(US) Corp, a gold mining company and a unit of Columbus Gold Corp, for $0. 08
mil, in the formation of a joint venture. The consideration was to consist of
$0.02 million cash plus $0.06 million in Navaho stock. Concurrently, Navaho
agreed to acquire a 51% interest in each of White Horse Flats gold project, and
Utah Clipper and Crestview gold projects.

CopperLogic Inc | Eaton Corp

Eaton Corp agreed to acquire CopperLogic Inc, a Houston-based manufacturer of
electrical systems. Terms were not disclosed.

Fieldglass Inc | Madison Dearborn Partners LLC

Fieldglass Inc acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Madison Dearborn
Partners LLC, a Chicago-based private equity firm, for $220 mil.

50 South Sixth Street | Hines Global REIT Fifty South

Hines Global REIT Fifty South Sixth LLC, a unit of Hines Global REIT Inc's Hines
Global REIT Properties LP subsidiary, agreed to acquire Fifty South Sixth, a
Minneapolis-based owner and operator of office building, for an estimated $180
mil, from KanAm Grund Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MbH

Regenesis Power-Solar Facility | Nautilus Solar Energy LLC

Nautilus Solar Energy LLC, a unit of Starwood Capital Group Global LLCs Starwood
Energy Group Global LLC subsidiary, acquired a solar facility, located on
Meadows Field Airport from Regenesis Power LLC, a Simi Valley-based manufacturer
of solar panels.

Kindred Spirits Inc | Undisclosed Acquiror

Bodegas Williams & Humbert SA, a wholly-owned unit of Jose Medina y Cia SL,
divested its 45% stake in Kindred Spirits Inc, a Miami- based wholesaler and
retailer of wines and spirits and a joint venture between The Reformed Spirits
Co Ltd and Joel Gosler, to an undisclosed acquiror, for a nominal consideration
of $0.0001 mil.

Gracie Credit | Moelis & Co

Moelis & Co agreed to acquire Gracie Credit, a hedge fund firm. Terms were not
disclosed.

Green Mountain Coffee | Nestle SA

Nestle SA of Switzerland was rumored to be planning to acquire the entire share
capital of Green Coffee Mountain Roasters Inc, a Waterbury-based producer,
wholesaler and retailer of roasted coffee.

Laser Pipeline Co LP-Natural | Gateway Energy Corp

Gateway Energy Corp agreed to acquire the natural gas and pipeline assets,
located in Texas, of Laser Pipeline Co LP, an owner and operator of natural gas
facilities, for $1.1 million. The transaction was to include four natural gas
pipelines from Tyson Foods Inc.

Legendary Pictures LLC | OSGH(US)Investment Ltd

OSGH (US) Investment Ltd, a wholly-owned unit of Orange Sky Golden Harvest
Entertainment (Holdings) Ltd, signed a Memorandum of Understanding {MoU} to
acquire a 3.33% stake in Legendary Pictures LLC, a Burbank-based provider of
motion picture production services, for $25 million in cash.

LocalGinger.com | Where Inc

Where Inc acquired LocalGinger.com, a Newburyport provider of e- commerce
platform services.

McKechnie Aerospace | TransDigm Group Inc

Transdigm Group Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
McKechnie Aerospace (Mckechnie), an Irvine-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
aircraft components, from JLL Partners Inc (JLL), for an estimated $1.27 billion
in cash. Originally, JLL was rumored to be seeking a buyer for Mckechnie.
Carlyle Group, Goldman Sachs, GS Capital Partners LP and Blackstone Group were
named potential bidders.

MediHealth Outsourcing LLC | Conifer Health Solutions Inc

Conifer Health Solutions Inc, a unit of Cleveland Clinic Foundation's Tenet
Healthcare Corp subsidiary, acquired MediHealth Outsourcing LLC, a Tampa-based
provider of consulting solutions.

Milford Plaza Hotel | Rockpoint Group LLC

Rockpoint Group LLC was rumored to have acquired Milford Plaza Hotel, a New
York-based owner and operator of hotels. Terms were not disclosed but, according
to people familiar with the transaction, the deal was valued at an estimated
$200 mil.

Mobile Power Corp | Lomiko Metals Inc

Lomiko Metals Inc (Lomiko) of Canada, signed a Letter of Intent (letter of
Intent) to acquire a 5% stake in Mobile Power Corp (Mobile), a Henderson-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of power packs, for $0.049 million. Concurrently,
Lomiko planned to raise its stake to 12.5% by acquiring a 7.5% stake in Mobile.
Subsequently, Lomiko planned to raise its stake to 20% by acquiring a 7. 5%
stake in Mobile.

Mobile Power Corp | Lomiko Metals Inc

Lomiko Metals Inc (Lomiko) of Canada, planned to raise its stake to 20% by
acquiring a 7.5% stake in Mobile Power Corp (Mobile), a Henderson-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of power packs, for $0.218 million. Concurrently,
Lomiko signed a Letter of Intent (LoI) to acquire a 5% stake in Mobile.
Subsequently, Lomiko planned to raise its stake to 12.5% by acquiring a 7.5%
stake in Mobile.

NightHawk Radiology Hldg Inc | Virtual Radiologic Corp

Virtual Radiologic Corp definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital
of Nighthawk Radiology Holdings Inc, a Coeur D'Alene-based provider of radiology
services, for $6.5 in cash per share, or a total value of $157.437 mil.

OBA Bank-Washington DC Branch | EagleBank,Bethesda,Maryland

EagleBank, Bethesda, Maryland, a wholly owned unit of Eagle Bancorp Inc
definitively agreed to acquire the Washington, District of Columbia branch of
OBA Bank, Germantown, Maryland, a commercial bank and a unit of OBA Financial
Services Inc.

The Dental Team | Northwestern Mgmt Svcs LLC

Northwestern Management Services LLC, a unit of The Beekman Group LLC, acquired
The Dental Team, a Boynton Beach-based provider of dental services.

Peanut Labs Inc | e-Rewards Inc

e-Rewards Inc planned to acquire Peanut Labs Inc, a San Francisco-based provider
of social media research services.

Precision Diagnostic Services | Seredor Corp

Seredor Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Continucare Corp, acquired Precision
Diagnostic Services Inc, a Fargo-based owner and operator of sleep diagnostic
centers. Concurrently, Seredor acquired SleepEasy Therapeutics. Terms were not
disclosed.

Rubicon US REIT | Bondholders

Rubicon US REIT, a Chicago-based real estate investment trust, and a
wholly-owned unit of Rubicon America Trust, completed its debt restrucuring with
bondholders (BH) in a transaction valued at $50 million. BHs received $50
million in debt and stock. The book value of the existing debt that was
exchanged under the terms of the offer was $80 mil.

SPT Technology Inc | Rx Textiles

Rx Textiles acquired SPT Technology Inc, a Minneapolis- based manufacturer and
wholesaler of carbon braids and chemicals.

Screenvision Cinema Network | Shamrock Capital Growth Fund

Shamrock Capital Growth Fund II, a wholly owned unit of Shamrock Capital
Advisors LLC definitively agreed to acquire 81.2% interest in Screenvision
Cinema Network LLC, a New York-based provider of cinema advertising services,
from a joint venture between ITV Plc (50%) and Technicolor SA (31. 2%), for $140
million in cash, in a leveraged buyout transaction.

SleepEasy Therapeutics Inc | Seredor Corp

Seredor Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Continucare Corp, acquired SleepEasy
Therapeutics Inc, a Fargo-based owner and operator of sleep diagnostic centers.
Concurrently, Seredor acquired Precision Diagnostic Services. Terms were not
disclosed.

Otix Global Inc | GN ReSound A/S

GN Resound A/S of Denmark, a majority-owned unit of GN Store Nord A/S, planned
to acquire the entire share capital of Otix Global Inc (Otix), a Salt Lake City-
based manufacturer of digital hearing aids, for an estimated $58 million.
Previously, William Demant Holding AS agreed to merge with Otix.

Sierra Utility Billing Service | NWP Svcs Corp

NWP services Corp acquired Sierra Utility billing Services Inc, an Austin-based
provider of utility and specialty billing services. Terms were not disclosed.

Southwest Brake & Parts Inc | FleetPride Inc

FleetPride Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fleetpride Inc SPV, acquired
Southwest Brake & Parts Inc, a Detroit-based wholesaler of heavy-duty truck
parts.

Trilogy Global Advisors LLC | Affiliated Managers Group Inc

Affiliated Managers Group Inc definitively agreed to acquire an undisclosed
majority interest in Trilogy Global Advisors LLC, a New York-based provider of
asset management services. Terms were not disclosed.

True Commerce Inc | HighJump Software Inc

HighJump Software Inc, a unit of Battery Ventures, agreed to acquire True
Commerce Inc, a Cranberry Township-based developer of EDI translation software.

Valero Energy-Plant,Paulsboro | PBF Holding Co LLC

PBF Holding Co LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF Energy Co LLC, agreed to
acquire the plant, located in Paulsboro, New Jersey, of Valero Energy Corp
(Valero), a San Antonio-based manufacturer and wholesaler of petroleum products,
for $360 million. The consideration was to consist of $180 million in cash and
$180 million in note. Originally, in January 2010, Valero was rumored be seeking
a buyer for its plant.

VaxDesign Corp | Sanofi Pasteur SA

Sanofi Pasteur SA, a wholly-owned unit of Sanofi- Aventis SA, agreed to acquire
VaxDesign Corp, an Orlando- based biotecnology company, for $60 mil.

Acute Systems Consulting LLC | Propalms Inc

Propalms Inc of the UK signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the entire
share capital of Acute Systems Consulting LLC, a provider of information
technology solutions services, in exchange for $0.2 million in National Energy
Services Co restricted common shares.

Artfest International Inc | AGS Capital Group LLC

AGS Capital Group LLC definitively agreed to acquire an undisclosed minority
stake in Artfest International Inc, a Dallas- based printer and wholesaler of
paintings and autographs, for $15 million in cash.

Suwanee-Atlanta Portfolio,GA | Industrial Income Trust Inc

Industrial Income Trust Inc definitively agreed to acquire the Atlanta portfolio
of Suwanee Pointe Investors LLC, an owner and operator of buildings, for $14.2
mil.

Commercial Metals-Steel Joist | Steel Dynamics Inc

Steel Dynamics Inc agreed to acquire from affiliates of Commercial Metals
Company (CMC), certain facilities and assets of CMC's former steel- joist
manufacturing operations. These assets will become a part of SDI's wholly owned
subsidiary, New Millennium Building Systems. The purchase will include three
joist-manufacturing plants that New Millennium intends to reopen and begin
operating in the coming months. These plants are located at Hope, Arkansas;
Fallon, Nevada; and Juarez, Mexico.

E Kinast Distributors Inc | Richelieu Hardware Ltd

Richelieu Hardware Ltd acquired E Kinast Distributors Inc, a Chicago- based
wholesaler of hardware products.

EIA-Evergreen Unmanned Systems | VT Group PLC

VT Group plc of UK, acquired Evergreen Unmanned Systems from Evergreen
International Aviation Inc, a McMinnville-based provider of air transportation
services.

Fiberspar Corp | White Deer Energy

White Deer Energy LF acquired the entire share capital in Fiberspar, a
Wareham-based manufacturer of oil pipe, for $50 mil.

5min Inc | AOL Inc

AOL Inc acquired 5min Inc, a New York-based provider of online video hosting
services. Terms were not disclosed.

Front Range Energy LLC | Undisclosed Acquiror

Pacific Ethanol Inc agreed to divest its undisclosed minority stake in Front
Range Energy LLC, a Windsor-based manufacturer and wholesaler of ethanol, to an
undisclosed acquiror, for $18.5 mil.

Global Ethanol LLC | Green Plains Renewable Energy

Green Plains Renewable Energy Inc (GPRE) definitively agreed to acquire Global
Ethanol LLC, a Minneapolis-based manufacturer of ethanol and distillers dried
grains, for $118.7 million. The consideration was to consist of $20 million in
cash, the assumption of $98.7 million in liabilities, the issuance of 4.386
million GPRE restricted common shares, and 0.7 million GPRE warrants convertible
to new GPRE common shares.

HyPerformix Inc | CA Inc

CA Inc definitively agreed to acquire Hyperformix Inc, an Austin-based developer
of performance management software. Terms were not disclosed.

Kings Avionics Inc | Butler National Corp

Butler National Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Kings
Avionics Inc, a New Century- based manufacturer, wholesaler, and repairer of
aircraft parts and accessories, from Gary Morris and David Hayden, for $1. 17
million. The consideration was to consist of $0.54 million and the assumption of
$0. 63 million in liabilities.

Lab Amazon Group Inc | Data Call Technologies Inc

Data Call Technologies Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to merge with Lab
Amazon Group Inc (Lab), a Houston-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
pharmaceutical application products. Upon completion, Lab was to be renamed Lab
Amazon.

Maritime Plaza,Washington,DC | Corporate Office Ppty Trust

Corporate Office Properties Trust acquired the Maritime Plaza, located in
Washington, DC, an owner and operator of office buildings, for $119 million. The
consideration was to consist of $48.9 million cash and the assumption of $70.1
million in liabilities mil.

National Coal Cor | Ranger Energy Investments LLC

Ranger Energy Investments LLC agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
National Coal Corp, a Knoxville-based coal mining company, for $1 in cash per
share, or a total value of $8.628 mil.

NEW PE Holdco LLC | Pacific Ethanol Inc

Pacific Ethanol Inc agreed to acquire a 20% stake in New PE Holdco LLC, a
manufacturer of ethanol, for $23.3 mil.

Park West Place Shopping Ctr | Excel Trust LP

Excel Trust LP, a unit of Excel Trust Inc, agreed to acquire Park West Place
Shopping Center, a Stockton- based owner and operator of shopping center, for an
estimated $92.5 mil.

Petroskills | BV Investment Partners

BV Investment Partners acquired an undisclosed majority interest, in
Petroskills, a Tulsa-based provider of technical training services, in a
leveraged buyout transaction.

ProClaim America Inc | ESIS Inc

ESIS Inc, a unit of ACE Ltd, acquired an undisclosed majority interest in
ProClaim America Inc, a Houston-based provider of claims and risk management
services.

Qualitest Pharmaceuticals Inc | Endo Pharmaceuticals Holdings

Endo Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire
share capital of Qualitest Pharmaceuticals Inc, a Huntsville-based manufacturer
and wholesaler of generic prescription and over-the- counter pharmaceutical
products, from Apax Partners Worldwide LLP, for an estimated $1.2 billion in
cash.

the Rubicon Project | News Corp

News Corp was rumored to be planning to acquire an undisclosed minority stake in
Rubicon Project, a Los Angeles-based provider of digital advertising services.

Shopping Center, Stockton | Excel Trust Inc

Excel Trust Inc, a San Diego-based real estate investment trust, acquired an
undisclosed shopping center located in Stockton, California, for $92.5 mil.

Thing Labs Inc | AOL Inc

AOL Inc acquired Thing Labs Inc, a San Francisco- based web-based software
development company. Terms were not disclosed.

TechCrunch | AOL Inc

AOL Inc agreed to acquire Techcrunch Inc, a provider of profiling and reviewing
services. Terms were not disclosed. Originally, Techcrunch announced that it was
seeking a buyer for the company.

Undisclosed Stationery Co, US | Asia File Corp Bhd

Asia File Corp Bhd of Malaysia, planned to acquire an Undisclosed Stationery Co,
a manufacturer of stationery.

Tyco Electronics Ltd-Energy | Raychem RPG Ltd

Raychem RPG Ltd of India, a 50:50 joint venture between Tyco Electronics Ltd
(Tyco) and RPG Enterprises, merged with the energy business unit of Tyco, a
Schaffhausen-based manufactures and wholesales engineered electronic components.

Vantage Pointe | Equity Residential

Equity Residential acquired Vantage Pointe, an owner and operator of an
apartment, for $200 mil.

Adams Produce Co LLC | API Holdings

API Holdings LLC acquired an undisclosed minority stake in Adams Produce Co LLC,
a Birmingham- based wholesaler of fresh fruits and vegetables.

Central Michigan Community | McLaren Health Care Corp

McLaren Health Care Corp acquired Central Michigan Community Hospital, a Mt.
Pleasant-based owner an operator of acute care hospital.

Del Rio Property,Nye County | Rocky Mountain Resources Corp

Rocky Mountain Resources Corp of Canada acquired Del Rio property, located in
Nye County, Nevada, a vanadium mining property.

Dilday Brothers Funeral | Carriage Services Inc

Carriage Services Inc acquired Dilday Brothers Funeral Directors, a Huntington
Beach-based owner and operator funeral homes. Terms were not disclosed.

DQE Holdings LLC | GIC

Singapore state-owned Government of Singapore Investment Corp Pte Ltd {GIC}
agreed to acquire a 29% stake in DQE Holdings LLC (DQE), a New York-based
investment company, from DUET Group (DUET) of Australia, a unit of AMP Capital
Investors Ltd and Macquarie Capital Group Ltd, for $360 million. Oridinally, in
June 2010, DUET announced that it was seeking a buyer for its 29% stake in DQE.
The transaction was to include 29% stake in Duquesne Light Holdings Inc.

Electronic Recovery System | Payment Data Systems Inc

Payment Data Systems Inc signed Letter of Intent {LOI} to acquire Electronic
Recovery System, a provider of automated payment services. Terms were not
disclosed.

Elena's Food Specialties Inc | ADF Foods Ltd

Adf Foods Ltd of India agreed to acquire Elena's Food Specialties Inc, a South
San Francisco-based producer of frozen food.

GAB Robins North America Inc | Gallagher Bassett Services Inc

Gallagher Bassett Services Inc, a unit of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co, definitively
agreed to acquire GAB Robins North America Inc, a Parsippany- based provider of
risk management services. Terms were not disclosed. The transaction was to
include MedInsights Inc.

Healthcare Waste Solutions Inc | Stericycle Inc

Stericycle Inc agreed to acquire Healthcare Waste Solutions Inc, a Cincinnati-
based provider of waste management services, from Altaris Capital Partners LLC,
for $245 million in cash.

Hypercom Corp | Verifone Systems Inc

VeriFone Systems Corp planned to launch an unsolicited tender offer to acquire
the entire share capital of Hypercom Corp, a Scottsdale-based manufacturer of
electronic payment devices, for $5.25 in cash per share, or a total value of
$289.902 mil.

Keithley Instr Inc | Danaher Corp

Danaher Corp definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital, of
Keithley Instruments Inc, a Cleveland- based manufacturer of electrical test
instruments and systems, for $21.6 in cash per share or a total value of
$356.061 mil.

mSnap Inc | Marketron

Marketron acquired mSnap Inc, a San Francisco-based provider of mobile
advertising services.

Novii Design LLC | Six3 Systems Inc

Six3 Systems Inc, a unit of GTCR Golder Rauner LLC, acquired Novii Design LLC, a
Columbia-based software development company.

Pure Management Group LLC | Angel Management Group LLC

Angel Management Group LLC acquired Pure Management Group LLC, a Las Vegas-based
provider of nightlife entertainment services.

Sheppard Holdings LLC | Salamon Group Inc

Salamon Group Inc agreeed to acquire the entire share capital of Sheppard
Holdings LLC, an investment holding company.

Shotgun Gold Project | TNR Gold Corp

TNR Gold Corp (TNR) agreed to acquire the remaining 50% interest, which it did
not already own, in Shotgun gold project, a gold mining project, and a 50:50
owned unit of TNR and NovaGold Resources Inc, in exchange for 6 million TNR
common shares and 3 million warrants, valued at $0.96 million. The shares were
valued based on TNR's closing stock price of $0.16 on 28 September 2010, the
last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Treaty Oak Bank | Carlile Bancshares Inc

Carlile Bancshares Inc agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Austin-based Treaty Oak Bank, from Treaty Oak Bancorp Inc.

iQor Inc | Huntsman Gay Global Capital

Huntsman Gay Global Capital LLC acquired an undisclosed majority interest in
iQor Inc, a New York-based provider of business process outsourcing services,
from Guggenheim Investment Management LLC, in a leveraged buyout transaction.
Terms were not disclosed.

Marubeni Sustainable-Power | EWP

Korea East-West Power Co Ltd {EWP}, a unit of South Korean state majority-owned
Korea Electric Power Corp {KEPCO}, acquired 4 power plants of Marubeni
Sustainable Energy Inc (Marubeni), a San Diego-based owner and operator of
generation plants, and a unit of Marubeni Corp, for $36. 1 million. Originally,
In May 2010, Marubeni Corp of Japan announced that it was seeking a buyer for
Marubeni.

FORE Transcriptions USA Inc | iMedX Inc

iMedX Inc acquired FORE Transcriptions USA Inc, a provider of medical
transcription services.

ITC Deltacom Inc. | EarthLink Inc

Earthlink Inc defintively agreeed to acquire the entire share capital of ITC
Deltacom Inc, a Huntsville-based provider of integrated voice and data
telecommunications services, for $579.54 million. The consideration was to
consist of $3 in cash per share or a total value $250.973 million and the
assumption of $325 million in liabilities.

Mobclix Inc | Velti PLC

Velti PLC of the UK acquired Mobclix Inc, a Palo Alto-based application services
provider.

N-TRON Corp | Spectris PLC

Spectris PLC of the UK acquired N-TRON Corp, a Mobile-based manufacturer and
wholesaler of industrial network products, for $51 million.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: HYR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                                October 11, 2010

Weekly Deal Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15 Vol. 23 No. 41

LENGTH: 4186  words


Target | Acquiror

Transaction Synopsis

Advanced Drainage Systems Inc. | Undisclosed Acquiror

Berkshire Partners LLC divested its undisclosed minority stake in Advanced
Drainage Systems Inc, a manufacturer and wholesaler of polyethylene pipes, to an
undisclosed acquiror. Terms were not disclosed.

AirTran Holdings Inc | Southwest Airlines Co

Southwest Airlines Co (Southwest) definitively agreed to acquire the entire
share capital of AirTran Holdings Inc (AirTran), an Orlando-based provider of
passenger airline services, in a stock swap transaction valued at $1.042 bil,
subject to a collar agreement. Southwest offered $3.75 cash in cash and 0.321
common share per AirTran share. Based on Southwest's closing stock price of
$12.28 on 24 September 2010, the last full trading day prior to the
announcement, each AirTran share was valued at $7.692.

Alberto-Culver Co | Unilever PLC

Unilever PLC of the UK definitively agreed to merge with Alberto-Culver Co, a
Melrose Park-based manufacturer and wholesaler of health and beauty products,
for $37.5 in cash per share, or a total value of $3.842 bil.

Advanced Energy Conversion LLC | Ioxus Inc

Ioxus Inc acquired Advanced Energy Conversion LLC, a Ballston Spa-based
manufacturer of energy converter systems.

Advance-Undisclosed Industrial | Terreno Realty Corp

Terreno Realty Corp acquired an undisclosed property portfolio, an owner and
operator of buildings, from Advance at Middlebrook Crossroads LLC, for $27 mil.

Arcapita Inc-Portfolio Cos(5) | HarbourVest Partners LLC

HarbourVest Partners LLC acquired an undisclosed minority stake in five
portfolio companies of Arcapita Inc, an Atlanta- based private equity firm, and
a wholly-owned unit of Arcapita Bank BSC, for $300 mil.

Arizona Chemical Ltd | American Securities LLC

American Securities LLC definitively agreed to acquire a 75% interest in Arizona
Chemical Ltd, a Jacksonville-based manufacturer and wholesaler of pine-based
chemicals, from Rhone Capital III LP, a unit of Rhone Capital LLC, in a
leveraged buyout transaction. Terms were not disclosed.

BHC Marketing Ltd | Futurity First Financial Corp

Futurity First Financial Corp acquired BHC Marketing Ltd, a Woodlands-based
insurance agent company.

Bay Colony Corporate Center | Boston Properties Inc

Boston Properties Inc agreed to acquire the Bay Colony Corporate Center (Bay
Colony), located in Waltham, Massachusetts, an owner and operator of buildings,
for an estimated $185 million. The consideration was to consist of $41.1 million
in cash and the assumption of $143.9 million in liabilities. Previously, Bay
Colony announced that it was seeking a buyer for the company.

Blade Network Technologies Inc | IBM

International Business Machines Corp definitively agreed to acquire Blade
Network Technologies Inc, a Santa Clara-based manufacturer of Ethernet switches.
Terms were not disclosed.

CPG Solutions LLC | KPIT Infosystems Inc

KPIT Infosystems Inc, a wholly-owned unit of KPIT Cummins Infosystems Ltd,
definitively agreed to acquire CPG Solutions LLC, Boca Raton-based provider of
Oracle consulting services, for $13.2 million. The consideration was to consist
of $6 million and up to $7. 2 million in profit-related payments.

Capital Gold Corp | Timmins Gold Corp

Timmins Gold Corp (Timmins) of Canada planned to merge with Capital Gold Corp
(Capital), a New York- based gold mining company, in a stock swap transaction
valued at $600.324 mil, in a reverse takeover transaction. Timmins offered 2.27
shares for every Capital share. Based on Timmins' closing stock price of $1. 904
on 24 Sep 2010, the last full trading day prior to the announcement, each
Capital share was valued at $4.321. Upon completion, Capital was to own 83.43%
of the combined entity.

Chem Rx Corp | PharMerica Corp

PharMerica Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of bankrupt Chem Rx
Corp, a Long Island-based wholesaler and retailer of pharmaceutical products,
for $70.6 mil.

Columbus Gold(US)Corp-Stevens | Navaho Gold Pty Ltd

Navaho Gold Pty Ltd (Navaho) of Australia, a unit of D'Aguilar Gold Ltd, agreed
to acquire a 51% interest in the Stevens Basin gold project from Columbus Gold
(US) Corp, a gold mining company and a unit of Columbus Gold Corp, for $0. 08
mil, in the formation of a joint venture. The consideration was to consist of
$0.02 million cash plus $0.06 million in Navaho stock. Concurrently, Navaho
agreed to acquire a 51% interest in each of White Horse Flats gold project, and
Utah Clipper and Crestview gold projects.

CopperLogic Inc | Eaton Corp

Eaton Corp agreed to acquire CopperLogic Inc, a Houston-based manufacturer of
electrical systems. Terms were not disclosed.

Fieldglass Inc | Madison Dearborn Partners LLC

Fieldglass Inc acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Madison Dearborn
Partners LLC, a Chicago-based private equity firm, for $220 mil.

50 South Sixth Street | Hines Global REIT Fifty South

Hines Global REIT Fifty South Sixth LLC, a unit of Hines Global REIT Inc's Hines
Global REIT Properties LP subsidiary, agreed to acquire Fifty South Sixth, a
Minneapolis-based owner and operator of office building, for an estimated $180
mil, from KanAm Grund Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MbH

Regenesis Power-Solar Facility | Nautilus Solar Energy LLC

Nautilus Solar Energy LLC, a unit of Starwood Capital Group Global LLCs Starwood
Energy Group Global LLC subsidiary, acquired a solar facility, located on
Meadows Field Airport from Regenesis Power LLC, a Simi Valley-based manufacturer
of solar panels.

Kindred Spirits Inc | Undisclosed Acquiror

Bodegas Williams & Humbert SA, a wholly-owned unit of Jose Medina y Cia SL,
divested its 45% stake in Kindred Spirits Inc, a Miami- based wholesaler and
retailer of wines and spirits and a joint venture between The Reformed Spirits
Co Ltd and Joel Gosler, to an undisclosed acquiror, for a nominal consideration
of $0.0001 mil.

Gracie Credit | Moelis & Co

Moelis & Co agreed to acquire Gracie Credit, a hedge fund firm. Terms were not
disclosed.

Green Mountain Coffee | Nestle SA

Nestle SA of Switzerland was rumored to be planning to acquire the entire share
capital of Green Coffee Mountain Roasters Inc, a Waterbury-based producer,
wholesaler and retailer of roasted coffee.

Laser Pipeline Co LP-Natural | Gateway Energy Corp

Gateway Energy Corp agreed to acquire the natural gas and pipeline assets,
located in Texas, of Laser Pipeline Co LP, an owner and operator of natural gas
facilities, for $1.1 million. The transaction was to include four natural gas
pipelines from Tyson Foods Inc.

Legendary Pictures LLC | OSGH(US)Investment Ltd

OSGH (US) Investment Ltd, a wholly-owned unit of Orange Sky Golden Harvest
Entertainment (Holdings) Ltd, signed a Memorandum of Understanding {MoU} to
acquire a 3.33% stake in Legendary Pictures LLC, a Burbank-based provider of
motion picture production services, for $25 million in cash.

LocalGinger.com | Where Inc

Where Inc acquired LocalGinger.com, a Newburyport provider of e- commerce
platform services.

McKechnie Aerospace | TransDigm Group Inc

Transdigm Group Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
McKechnie Aerospace (Mckechnie), an Irvine-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
aircraft components, from JLL Partners Inc (JLL), for an estimated $1.27 billion
in cash. Originally, JLL was rumored to be seeking a buyer for Mckechnie.
Carlyle Group, Goldman Sachs, GS Capital Partners LP and Blackstone Group were
named potential bidders.

MediHealth Outsourcing LLC | Conifer Health Solutions Inc

Conifer Health Solutions Inc, a unit of Cleveland Clinic Foundation's Tenet
Healthcare Corp subsidiary, acquired MediHealth Outsourcing LLC, a Tampa-based
provider of consulting solutions.

Milford Plaza Hotel | Rockpoint Group LLC

Rockpoint Group LLC was rumored to have acquired Milford Plaza Hotel, a New
York-based owner and operator of hotels. Terms were not disclosed but, according
to people familiar with the transaction, the deal was valued at an estimated
$200 mil.

Mobile Power Corp | Lomiko Metals Inc

Lomiko Metals Inc (Lomiko) of Canada, signed a Letter of Intent (letter of
Intent) to acquire a 5% stake in Mobile Power Corp (Mobile), a Henderson-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of power packs, for $0.049 million. Concurrently,
Lomiko planned to raise its stake to 12.5% by acquiring a 7.5% stake in Mobile.
Subsequently, Lomiko planned to raise its stake to 20% by acquiring a 7. 5%
stake in Mobile.

Mobile Power Corp | Lomiko Metals Inc

Lomiko Metals Inc (Lomiko) of Canada, planned to raise its stake to 20% by
acquiring a 7.5% stake in Mobile Power Corp (Mobile), a Henderson-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of power packs, for $0.218 million. Concurrently,
Lomiko signed a Letter of Intent (LoI) to acquire a 5% stake in Mobile.
Subsequently, Lomiko planned to raise its stake to 12.5% by acquiring a 7.5%
stake in Mobile.

NightHawk Radiology Hldg Inc | Virtual Radiologic Corp

Virtual Radiologic Corp definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital
of Nighthawk Radiology Holdings Inc, a Coeur D'Alene-based provider of radiology
services, for $6.5 in cash per share, or a total value of $157.437 mil.

OBA Bank-Washington DC Branch | EagleBank,Bethesda,Maryland

EagleBank, Bethesda, Maryland, a wholly owned unit of Eagle Bancorp Inc
definitively agreed to acquire the Washington, District of Columbia branch of
OBA Bank, Germantown, Maryland, a commercial bank and a unit of OBA Financial
Services Inc.

The Dental Team | Northwestern Mgmt Svcs LLC

Northwestern Management Services LLC, a unit of The Beekman Group LLC, acquired
The Dental Team, a Boynton Beach-based provider of dental services.

Peanut Labs Inc | e-Rewards Inc

e-Rewards Inc planned to acquire Peanut Labs Inc, a San Francisco-based provider
of social media research services.

Precision Diagnostic Services | Seredor Corp

Seredor Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Continucare Corp, acquired Precision
Diagnostic Services Inc, a Fargo-based owner and operator of sleep diagnostic
centers. Concurrently, Seredor acquired SleepEasy Therapeutics. Terms were not
disclosed.

Rubicon US REIT | Bondholders

Rubicon US REIT, a Chicago-based real estate investment trust, and a
wholly-owned unit of Rubicon America Trust, completed its debt restrucuring with
bondholders (BH) in a transaction valued at $50 million. BHs received $50
million in debt and stock. The book value of the existing debt that was
exchanged under the terms of the offer was $80 mil.

SPT Technology Inc | Rx Textiles

Rx Textiles acquired SPT Technology Inc, a Minneapolis- based manufacturer and
wholesaler of carbon braids and chemicals.

Screenvision Cinema Network | Shamrock Capital Growth Fund

Shamrock Capital Growth Fund II, a wholly owned unit of Shamrock Capital
Advisors LLC definitively agreed to acquire 81.2% interest in Screenvision
Cinema Network LLC, a New York-based provider of cinema advertising services,
from a joint venture between ITV Plc (50%) and Technicolor SA (31. 2%), for $140
million in cash, in a leveraged buyout transaction.

SleepEasy Therapeutics Inc | Seredor Corp

Seredor Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Continucare Corp, acquired SleepEasy
Therapeutics Inc, a Fargo-based owner and operator of sleep diagnostic centers.
Concurrently, Seredor acquired Precision Diagnostic Services. Terms were not
disclosed.

Otix Global Inc | GN ReSound A/S

GN Resound A/S of Denmark, a majority-owned unit of GN Store Nord A/S, planned
to acquire the entire share capital of Otix Global Inc (Otix), a Salt Lake City-
based manufacturer of digital hearing aids, for an estimated $58 million.
Previously, William Demant Holding AS agreed to merge with Otix.

Sierra Utility Billing Service | NWP Svcs Corp

NWP services Corp acquired Sierra Utility billing Services Inc, an Austin-based
provider of utility and specialty billing services. Terms were not disclosed.

Southwest Brake & Parts Inc | FleetPride Inc

FleetPride Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fleetpride Inc SPV, acquired
Southwest Brake & Parts Inc, a Detroit-based wholesaler of heavy-duty truck
parts.

Trilogy Global Advisors LLC | Affiliated Managers Group Inc

Affiliated Managers Group Inc definitively agreed to acquire an undisclosed
majority interest in Trilogy Global Advisors LLC, a New York-based provider of
asset management services. Terms were not disclosed.

True Commerce Inc | HighJump Software Inc

HighJump Software Inc, a unit of Battery Ventures, agreed to acquire True
Commerce Inc, a Cranberry Township-based developer of EDI translation software.

Valero Energy-Plant,Paulsboro | PBF Holding Co LLC

PBF Holding Co LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF Energy Co LLC, agreed to
acquire the plant, located in Paulsboro, New Jersey, of Valero Energy Corp
(Valero), a San Antonio-based manufacturer and wholesaler of petroleum products,
for $360 million. The consideration was to consist of $180 million in cash and
$180 million in note. Originally, in January 2010, Valero was rumored be seeking
a buyer for its plant.

VaxDesign Corp | Sanofi Pasteur SA

Sanofi Pasteur SA, a wholly-owned unit of Sanofi- Aventis SA, agreed to acquire
VaxDesign Corp, an Orlando- based biotecnology company, for $60 mil.

Acute Systems Consulting LLC | Propalms Inc

Propalms Inc of the UK signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the entire
share capital of Acute Systems Consulting LLC, a provider of information
technology solutions services, in exchange for $0.2 million in National Energy
Services Co restricted common shares.

Artfest International Inc | AGS Capital Group LLC

AGS Capital Group LLC definitively agreed to acquire an undisclosed minority
stake in Artfest International Inc, a Dallas- based printer and wholesaler of
paintings and autographs, for $15 million in cash.

Suwanee-Atlanta Portfolio,GA | Industrial Income Trust Inc

Industrial Income Trust Inc definitively agreed to acquire the Atlanta portfolio
of Suwanee Pointe Investors LLC, an owner and operator of buildings, for $14.2
mil.

Commercial Metals-Steel Joist | Steel Dynamics Inc

Steel Dynamics Inc agreed to acquire from affiliates of Commercial Metals
Company (CMC), certain facilities and assets of CMC's former steel- joist
manufacturing operations. These assets will become a part of SDI's wholly owned
subsidiary, New Millennium Building Systems. The purchase will include three
joist-manufacturing plants that New Millennium intends to reopen and begin
operating in the coming months. These plants are located at Hope, Arkansas;
Fallon, Nevada; and Juarez, Mexico.

E Kinast Distributors Inc | Richelieu Hardware Ltd

Richelieu Hardware Ltd acquired E Kinast Distributors Inc, a Chicago- based
wholesaler of hardware products.

EIA-Evergreen Unmanned Systems | VT Group PLC

VT Group plc of UK, acquired Evergreen Unmanned Systems from Evergreen
International Aviation Inc, a McMinnville-based provider of air transportation
services.

Fiberspar Corp | White Deer Energy

White Deer Energy LF acquired the entire share capital in Fiberspar, a
Wareham-based manufacturer of oil pipe, for $50 mil.

5min Inc | AOL Inc

AOL Inc acquired 5min Inc, a New York-based provider of online video hosting
services. Terms were not disclosed.

Front Range Energy LLC | Undisclosed Acquiror

Pacific Ethanol Inc agreed to divest its undisclosed minority stake in Front
Range Energy LLC, a Windsor-based manufacturer and wholesaler of ethanol, to an
undisclosed acquiror, for $18.5 mil.

Global Ethanol LLC | Green Plains Renewable Energy

Green Plains Renewable Energy Inc (GPRE) definitively agreed to acquire Global
Ethanol LLC, a Minneapolis-based manufacturer of ethanol and distillers dried
grains, for $118.7 million. The consideration was to consist of $20 million in
cash, the assumption of $98.7 million in liabilities, the issuance of 4.386
million GPRE restricted common shares, and 0.7 million GPRE warrants convertible
to new GPRE common shares.

HyPerformix Inc | CA Inc

CA Inc definitively agreed to acquire Hyperformix Inc, an Austin-based developer
of performance management software. Terms were not disclosed.

Kings Avionics Inc | Butler National Corp

Butler National Corp agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Kings
Avionics Inc, a New Century- based manufacturer, wholesaler, and repairer of
aircraft parts and accessories, from Gary Morris and David Hayden, for $1. 17
million. The consideration was to consist of $0.54 million and the assumption of
$0. 63 million in liabilities.

Lab Amazon Group Inc | Data Call Technologies Inc

Data Call Technologies Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to merge with Lab
Amazon Group Inc (Lab), a Houston-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
pharmaceutical application products. Upon completion, Lab was to be renamed Lab
Amazon.

Maritime Plaza,Washington,DC | Corporate Office Ppty Trust

Corporate Office Properties Trust acquired the Maritime Plaza, located in
Washington, DC, an owner and operator of office buildings, for $119 million. The
consideration was to consist of $48.9 million cash and the assumption of $70.1
million in liabilities mil.

National Coal Cor | Ranger Energy Investments LLC

Ranger Energy Investments LLC agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
National Coal Corp, a Knoxville-based coal mining company, for $1 in cash per
share, or a total value of $8.628 mil.

NEW PE Holdco LLC | Pacific Ethanol Inc

Pacific Ethanol Inc agreed to acquire a 20% stake in New PE Holdco LLC, a
manufacturer of ethanol, for $23.3 mil.

Park West Place Shopping Ctr | Excel Trust LP

Excel Trust LP, a unit of Excel Trust Inc, agreed to acquire Park West Place
Shopping Center, a Stockton- based owner and operator of shopping center, for an
estimated $92.5 mil.

Petroskills | BV Investment Partners

BV Investment Partners acquired an undisclosed majority interest, in
Petroskills, a Tulsa-based provider of technical training services, in a
leveraged buyout transaction.

ProClaim America Inc | ESIS Inc

ESIS Inc, a unit of ACE Ltd, acquired an undisclosed majority interest in
ProClaim America Inc, a Houston-based provider of claims and risk management
services.

Qualitest Pharmaceuticals Inc | Endo Pharmaceuticals Holdings

Endo Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire
share capital of Qualitest Pharmaceuticals Inc, a Huntsville-based manufacturer
and wholesaler of generic prescription and over-the- counter pharmaceutical
products, from Apax Partners Worldwide LLP, for an estimated $1.2 billion in
cash.

the Rubicon Project | News Corp

News Corp was rumored to be planning to acquire an undisclosed minority stake in
Rubicon Project, a Los Angeles-based provider of digital advertising services.

Shopping Center, Stockton | Excel Trust Inc

Excel Trust Inc, a San Diego-based real estate investment trust, acquired an
undisclosed shopping center located in Stockton, California, for $92.5 mil.

Thing Labs Inc | AOL Inc

AOL Inc acquired Thing Labs Inc, a San Francisco- based web-based software
development company. Terms were not disclosed.

TechCrunch | AOL Inc

AOL Inc agreed to acquire Techcrunch Inc, a provider of profiling and reviewing
services. Terms were not disclosed. Originally, Techcrunch announced that it was
seeking a buyer for the company.

Undisclosed Stationery Co, US | Asia File Corp Bhd

Asia File Corp Bhd of Malaysia, planned to acquire an Undisclosed Stationery Co,
a manufacturer of stationery.

Tyco Electronics Ltd-Energy | Raychem RPG Ltd

Raychem RPG Ltd of India, a 50:50 joint venture between Tyco Electronics Ltd
(Tyco) and RPG Enterprises, merged with the energy business unit of Tyco, a
Schaffhausen-based manufactures and wholesales engineered electronic components.

Vantage Pointe | Equity Residential

Equity Residential acquired Vantage Pointe, an owner and operator of an
apartment, for $200 mil.

Adams Produce Co LLC | API Holdings

API Holdings LLC acquired an undisclosed minority stake in Adams Produce Co LLC,
a Birmingham- based wholesaler of fresh fruits and vegetables.

Central Michigan Community | McLaren Health Care Corp

McLaren Health Care Corp acquired Central Michigan Community Hospital, a Mt.
Pleasant-based owner an operator of acute care hospital.

Del Rio Property,Nye County | Rocky Mountain Resources Corp

Rocky Mountain Resources Corp of Canada acquired Del Rio property, located in
Nye County, Nevada, a vanadium mining property.

Dilday Brothers Funeral | Carriage Services Inc

Carriage Services Inc acquired Dilday Brothers Funeral Directors, a Huntington
Beach-based owner and operator funeral homes. Terms were not disclosed.

DQE Holdings LLC | GIC

Singapore state-owned Government of Singapore Investment Corp Pte Ltd {GIC}
agreed to acquire a 29% stake in DQE Holdings LLC (DQE), a New York-based
investment company, from DUET Group (DUET) of Australia, a unit of AMP Capital
Investors Ltd and Macquarie Capital Group Ltd, for $360 million. Oridinally, in
June 2010, DUET announced that it was seeking a buyer for its 29% stake in DQE.
The transaction was to include 29% stake in Duquesne Light Holdings Inc.

Electronic Recovery System | Payment Data Systems Inc

Payment Data Systems Inc signed Letter of Intent {LOI} to acquire Electronic
Recovery System, a provider of automated payment services. Terms were not
disclosed.

Elena's Food Specialties Inc | ADF Foods Ltd

Adf Foods Ltd of India agreed to acquire Elena's Food Specialties Inc, a South
San Francisco-based producer of frozen food.

GAB Robins North America Inc | Gallagher Bassett Services Inc

Gallagher Bassett Services Inc, a unit of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co, definitively
agreed to acquire GAB Robins North America Inc, a Parsippany- based provider of
risk management services. Terms were not disclosed. The transaction was to
include MedInsights Inc.

Healthcare Waste Solutions Inc | Stericycle Inc

Stericycle Inc agreed to acquire Healthcare Waste Solutions Inc, a Cincinnati-
based provider of waste management services, from Altaris Capital Partners LLC,
for $245 million in cash.

Hypercom Corp | Verifone Systems Inc

VeriFone Systems Corp planned to launch an unsolicited tender offer to acquire
the entire share capital of Hypercom Corp, a Scottsdale-based manufacturer of
electronic payment devices, for $5.25 in cash per share, or a total value of
$289.902 mil.

Keithley Instr Inc | Danaher Corp

Danaher Corp definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital, of
Keithley Instruments Inc, a Cleveland- based manufacturer of electrical test
instruments and systems, for $21.6 in cash per share or a total value of
$356.061 mil.

mSnap Inc | Marketron

Marketron acquired mSnap Inc, a San Francisco-based provider of mobile
advertising services.

Novii Design LLC | Six3 Systems Inc

Six3 Systems Inc, a unit of GTCR Golder Rauner LLC, acquired Novii Design LLC, a
Columbia-based software development company.

Pure Management Group LLC | Angel Management Group LLC

Angel Management Group LLC acquired Pure Management Group LLC, a Las Vegas-based
provider of nightlife entertainment services.

Sheppard Holdings LLC | Salamon Group Inc

Salamon Group Inc agreeed to acquire the entire share capital of Sheppard
Holdings LLC, an investment holding company.

Shotgun Gold Project | TNR Gold Corp

TNR Gold Corp (TNR) agreed to acquire the remaining 50% interest, which it did
not already own, in Shotgun gold project, a gold mining project, and a 50:50
owned unit of TNR and NovaGold Resources Inc, in exchange for 6 million TNR
common shares and 3 million warrants, valued at $0.96 million. The shares were
valued based on TNR's closing stock price of $0.16 on 28 September 2010, the
last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Treaty Oak Bank | Carlile Bancshares Inc

Carlile Bancshares Inc agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Austin-based Treaty Oak Bank, from Treaty Oak Bancorp Inc.

iQor Inc | Huntsman Gay Global Capital

Huntsman Gay Global Capital LLC acquired an undisclosed majority interest in
iQor Inc, a New York-based provider of business process outsourcing services,
from Guggenheim Investment Management LLC, in a leveraged buyout transaction.
Terms were not disclosed.

Marubeni Sustainable-Power | EWP

Korea East-West Power Co Ltd {EWP}, a unit of South Korean state majority-owned
Korea Electric Power Corp {KEPCO}, acquired 4 power plants of Marubeni
Sustainable Energy Inc (Marubeni), a San Diego-based owner and operator of
generation plants, and a unit of Marubeni Corp, for $36. 1 million. Originally,
In May 2010, Marubeni Corp of Japan announced that it was seeking a buyer for
Marubeni.

FORE Transcriptions USA Inc | iMedX Inc

iMedX Inc acquired FORE Transcriptions USA Inc, a provider of medical
transcription services.

ITC Deltacom Inc. | EarthLink Inc

Earthlink Inc defintively agreeed to acquire the entire share capital of ITC
Deltacom Inc, a Huntsville-based provider of integrated voice and data
telecommunications services, for $579.54 million. The consideration was to
consist of $3 in cash per share or a total value $250.973 million and the
assumption of $325 million in liabilities.

Mobclix Inc | Velti PLC

Velti PLC of the UK acquired Mobclix Inc, a Palo Alto-based application services
provider.

N-TRON Corp | Spectris PLC

Spectris PLC of the UK acquired N-TRON Corp, a Mobile-based manufacturer and
wholesaler of industrial network products, for $51 million.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       October 6, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Orofino Gold Corp: The Company Plans to Acquire Oil Production Leases in Uinta
and San Juan Basins and Negotiates to Acquire Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture Agreement
to add Shareholder Value

LENGTH: 386  words


New Delhi, Oct. 6 -- Orofino Gold Corp: The Company plans to acquire Oil
Production leases in Uinta and San Juan basins and negotiates to acquire
Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture agreement to add shareholder value.rofino Gold Corp: The
Company plans to acquire Oil Production leases in Uinta and San Juan basins and
negotiates to acquire Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture agreement to add shareholder
value.evada, October 3rd, 2013 *Orofino Gold Corp. (PINK OTC: ORFG) ("Orofino
Gold" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that the Company is in
discussions with the a private Company to acquire Oil Production leases in Uinta
basin in the State of Utah.



The Company is seeking to acquire Oil & Gas leases on Net Revenue cash flow
basis in Sanpete County, in Central Utah and San Juan Basin, The San Juan
structural basin is a large downwarp of sedimentary rocks of mostly Mesozoic
age. As a geologic region, the San Juan Basin is noted for its large deposits of
coal, uranium, and natural gas. Since the 1980s, the Fruitland Formation in the
basin has been one of the major US sources of coal bed methane. In 2007, the San
Juan Basin produced 1.32 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, making it the
largest source of natural gas in the United States.[3] Uranium mining in New
Mexico is also performed from the San Juan Basin.

Several reports have suggested that Uintah, Duchesne and Sanpete Counties in
North Eastern Counties have recoverable Oil resource in excess of 14.5 Billion
barrels of Shale Oil.

The Company has approved to grant of an option and formation of joint venture on
its gold/silver properties located in Colombia.

Although Orofino's concessions are only in the initial stages of exploration,
preliminary work done by previous claim holders suggests the company's
concessions could include heavily mineralized regions well-suited for economic
development. Orofino's geological consultants have confirmed the findings of the
previous claim holders. In addition, early rock sample analysis has resulted in
gold concentrations above industry-wide averages. These same reports have also
revealed substantial amounts of silver, suggesting the possibility of additional
high-value mineral recoveries beyond gold. Further grab and chip samples will be
assayed to establish an area to focus on for initializing test production.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      October 5, 2013 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Orofino Gold Corp: the Company Plans to Acquire Oil Production Leases in Uinta
and San Juan Basins and Negotiates to Acquire Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture Agreement
to Add Shareholder Value

LENGTH: 386  words


New Delhi, Oct. 5 -- Orofino Gold Corp: The Company plans to acquire Oil
Production leases in Uinta and San Juan basins and negotiates to acquire
Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture agreement to add shareholder value.rofino Gold Corp: The
Company plans to acquire Oil Production leases in Uinta and San Juan basins and
negotiates to acquire Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture agreement to add shareholder
value.evada,  October 3rd, 2013 - Orofino Gold Corp. (PINK OTC: ORFG) ("Orofino
Gold" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that the Company is in
discussions with the a private Company to acquire Oil Production leases in Uinta
basin in the State of Utah.



The Company is seeking to acquire Oil & Gas leases on Net Revenue cash flow
basis in Sanpete County, in Central Utah and San Juan Basin, The San Juan
structural basin is a large downwarp of sedimentary rocks of mostly Mesozoic
age. As a geologic region, the San Juan Basin is noted for its large deposits of
coal, uranium, and natural gas. Since the 1980s, the Fruitland Formation in the
basin has been one of the major US sources of coal bed methane. In 2007, the San
Juan Basin produced 1.32 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, making it the
largest source of natural gas in the United States.[3] Uranium mining in New
Mexico is also performed from the San Juan Basin.

Several reports have suggested that Uintah, Duchesne and Sanpete Counties in
North Eastern Counties have recoverable Oil resource in excess of 14.5 Billion
barrels of Shale Oil.

The Company has approved to grant of an option and formation of joint venture on
its gold/silver properties located in Colombia.

Although Orofino's concessions are only in the initial stages of exploration,
preliminary work done by previous claim holders suggests the company's
concessions could include heavily mineralized regions well-suited for economic
development. Orofino's geological consultants have confirmed the findings of the
previous claim holders. In addition, early rock sample analysis has resulted in
gold concentrations above industry-wide averages. These same reports have also
revealed substantial amounts of silver, suggesting the possibility of additional
high-value mineral recoveries beyond gold. Further grab and chip samples will be
assayed to establish an area to focus on for initializing test production.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      October 3, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Orofino Gold Corp: The Company Plans to Acquire Oil Production Leases in Uinta
and San Juan Basins and Negotiates to Acquire Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture Agreement
to add Shareholder Value

LENGTH: 386  words


New Delhi, Oct. 3 -- Orofino Gold Corp: The Company plans to acquire Oil
Production leases in Uinta and San Juan basins and negotiates to acquire
Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture agreement to add shareholder value.rofino Gold Corp: The
Company plans to acquire Oil Production leases in Uinta and San Juan basins and
negotiates to acquire Rio-Viejo Joint/Venture agreement to add shareholder
value.evada, October 3rd, 2013 *Orofino Gold Corp. (PINK OTC: ORFG) ("Orofino
Gold" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that the Company is in
discussions with the a private Company to acquire Oil Production leases in Uinta
basin in the State of Utah.



The Company is seeking to acquire Oil & Gas leases on Net Revenue cash flow
basis in Sanpete County, in Central Utah and San Juan Basin, The San Juan
structural basin is a large downwarp of sedimentary rocks of mostly Mesozoic
age. As a geologic region, the San Juan Basin is noted for its large deposits of
coal, uranium, and natural gas. Since the 1980s, the Fruitland Formation in the
basin has been one of the major US sources of coal bed methane. In 2007, the San
Juan Basin produced 1.32 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, making it the
largest source of natural gas in the United States.[3] Uranium mining in New
Mexico is also performed from the San Juan Basin.

Several reports have suggested that Uintah, Duchesne and Sanpete Counties in
North Eastern Counties have recoverable Oil resource in excess of 14.5 Billion
barrels of Shale Oil.

The Company has approved to grant of an option and formation of joint venture on
its gold/silver properties located in Colombia.

Although Orofino's concessions are only in the initial stages of exploration,
preliminary work done by previous claim holders suggests the company's
concessions could include heavily mineralized regions well-suited for economic
development. Orofino's geological consultants have confirmed the findings of the
previous claim holders. In addition, early rock sample analysis has resulted in
gold concentrations above industry-wide averages. These same reports have also
revealed substantial amounts of silver, suggesting the possibility of additional
high-value mineral recoveries beyond gold. Further grab and chip samples will be
assayed to establish an area to focus on for initializing test production.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                Mergers & Acquisitions, The Dealmaker's Journal

                                 June 12, 2011

Data Wrap;
Deals of the week.

BYLINE: STAFF

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 2408  words


Target | AcquirorTransaction Synopsis

Apex Exposure Inc | Big Fuel Communications LLCÂ Big Fuel Communications LLC
acquired Apex Exposure Inc, a Brooklyn-based provider of internet marketing
services.

Arrowhead Towne Center | The Macerich CoThe Macerich Co (The Macerich) planned
to acquire a 33.33% stake in Arrowhead Towne Center, a Glendale- based owner and
operator of shopping centers, from General Growth Properties Inc. Concurrently,
The Macerich planned to a 33.33% stake in Superstition Springs Mall. The two
transactions were to have a combined value of $75 million in cash and an
undisclosed amount in assets. The assets were to include Neiman Marcus at
Oakbrook Center in Chicago, Illinois, Burlington Coat Factory at Chula Vista
Center in San Diego, California, Forever 21 at Tucson Mall in Tucson, Arizona,
Kohls at Southland Mall in Hayward, California, Former vacant Mervyns locations
at Fallbrook Center in Fallbrook, California and Newgate Mall in Ogden, Utah.

Cattleman's Choice Loomix LLC | ADM Alliance Nutrition IncÂ ADM Alliance
Nutrition Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Archer Daniels Midland Co {ADM}, acquired
Cattleman's Choice Loomix LLC, a Johnstown-based producer of liquid animal feed
supplements.

Courtyard El Paso Airport | Summit Hotel Properties IncÂ Summit Hotel Properties
Inc (Summit) agreed to acquire Courtyard El Paso Airport, an El Paso-based owner
and operator of airport hotels. Concurrently, Summit acquired the Hilton Garden
Inn Atlanta NE and Summit agreed to acquire an undisclosed independent hotel.

Dynacast Inc | KDI Holdings IncÂ KDI Holdings Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Kenner
& Co Inc, agreed to acquire Dynacast Inc, a Charlotte- based manufacturer of
small die castings, from Melrose PLC, for $607.1 million. The consideration was
to of $590 million in cash and the assumption of $17.1 million in liabilities.

Gateway Bancorp,Cerritos | First PacTrust Bancorp IncÂ First PacTrust Bancorp
Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Gateway Bancorp,
a Cerritos-based bank holding company, for an estimated $17 million in cash. The
transaction was to include Mission Hills Mortgage Bankers and Gateway Business
Bank.

Superstition Springs Mall,Mesa | The Macerich CoÂ The Macerich Co ( Macerich)
planned to acquire a 33.33% stake in Superstition Springs Mall, a Mesa-based
owner and operator of shopping centers, from General Growth Properties Inc, in a
privately negotiated transaction. Concurrently, Macerich planned to a 33.33%
stake in Arrowhead Towne Center. The two transactions were to have a combined
value of $75 million in cash and an undisclosed amount in assets. The assets
were to include Neiman Marcus at Oakbrook Center in Chicago, Illinois ,
Burlington Coat Factory at Chula Vista Center in San Diego, California, Forever
21 at Tucson Mall in Tucson, Arizona, Kohls at Southland Mall in Hayward,
California, Former vacant Mervyns locations at Fallbrook Center in Fallbrook,
California and Newgate Mall in Ogden, Utah.

Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta NE | Summit Hotel Properties IncÂ Summit Hotel
Properties Inc (Summit) acquired the Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta NE, a
Duluth-based owner and operator of hotels. Concurrently, Summit agreed to
acquire Courtyard El Paso Airport and an undisclosed independent hotel.

Hilton Long Island Huntington | Investor GroupÂ The Dow Hotel Co and Prudential
Insurance Co of America (Prudential), through a joint venture, acquired Hilton
Long Island Huntington, a Melville-based owner and operator of hotels. Terms
were not disclosed. Prudential is a wholly owned unit of Prudential Financial
Inc's Prudential Holding LLC.

Magento Inc | eBay IncÂ eBay Inc agreed to acquire the remaining undisclosed
majority interest, which it did not already own, in Magento Inc, a Culver
City-based provider of open- source, enterprise-class ecommerce solutions
services. Terms were not disclosed.

Ophthalmic Imaging Systems Inc | Merge Healthcare IncÂ Merge Healthcare Inc
(Merge) definitively agreed to merge with Ophthalmic Imaging Systems Inc
(Ophthalmic), a Sacramento- based manufacturer, designer, and marketer of
imaging systems, and a majority-owned subsidiary of Medivision Medical Imaging
Ltd, in a stock-swap transaction valued at $29.039 million. Merge offered 0.169
shares per Ophthalmic common share. The shares were valued based on Merge's
closing stock price of $5.66 on 3 June 2011, the last full trading day prior to
the announcement.

Park Central New York Hotel | LaSalle Hotel PropertiesÂ LaSalle Hotel Properties
agreed to acquire Park Central New York (Park Central), a New York-based owner
and operator of hotels, from Whitehall Fund (Whitehall), a unit of Goldman Sachs
Group Inc's Goldman Sachs & Co subsidiary, for $405.5 million. Originally, in
October 2010, Whitehall was rumored to be seeking a buyer for Park Central.
Concurrently, Whitehall was rumored to be seeking a buyer for Doubletree
Metropolitan Hotel and Sofitel New York.

Pacific Award Metals Inc | Gibraltar Industries IncÂ Gibraltar Industries Inc
acquired Pacific Award Metals Inc, a Baldwin Park-based manufacturer and
wholesaler of roof sheet

Performance Financial Systems | Itonis Holdings IncÂ Itonis Holdings Inc
acquired Performance Financial Systems LLC, a Laguna Hills-based provider of
financial marketing services, from Performance Mortgage Group Inc.

Pet Airways Inc | Socius CG II LtdÂ Socius CG II Ltd, a unit of Socius Capital,
definitively agreed to acquire a 5.65% stake, or 2. 253 million common shares
and 20. 477 million warrants, in Pet Airways Inc, a Delray Beach- based provider
of passenger airline services, for $0.5 million, in a privately negotiated
transaction.

DRS Technologies Inc | Healthmed Services LtdÂ Healthmed Services Ltd acquired
the entire share capital of DRS Technologies Inc, a wholesaler and retailer of
diabetes test kits.

RMG Capital Corp | Opus Bank, Manhattan Beach, CAÂ Opus Bank agreed to merge
with RMG Capital Corp, a Fullerton-based bank holding company, for $50 million
in cash.

Stanley Holcombe & Associates | Nyhart Consulting LLCÂ Nyhart Consulting LLC
acquired Stanley Holcombe & Associates Inc, an Atlanta- based provider of
actuarial consulting services.

Temple-Inland Inc | International Paper CoÂ International Paper Co planned to
launch a hostile offer to acquire the entire share capital of Temple- Inland
Inc, an Austin-based manufacturer of packaging and forest products, for $30.6 in
cash per share, or a total value of $3.43 billion.

Undisclosed Hotel, Park City, UT | Summit Hotel Properties IncÂ Summit Hotel
Properties Inc (Summit) agreed to acquire an undisclosed independent hotel, a
park City-based owner and operator of hotels. Concurrently, Summit acquired the
Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta NE and Summit agreed to acquire Courtyard El Paso
Airport.

TOP Marketing USA LLC | Sherbrook SBK Sport CorpÂ Sherbrook SBK Sport Corp
(Sherbrook) of Canada signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the entire
share of capital of TOP Marketing USA LLC, a St. Louis-based provider of
marketing services, for $1.021 million. The consideration was to consist of
$1.021 million in cash and the issuance of $0.612 million Sherbrook common
shares.

Symlabs | Quest Software IncÂ Quest Software Inc acquired Symlabs, an Aliso
Viejo-based provider of identity management solutions and virtual directories.

Westec Environmental Solutions | Inversiones Financieras PerseoÂ Inversiones
Financiera Perseo SL, a unit of Iberdrola SA, acquired a 20% stake in Westec
Environnmental Solutions LLC, a Chicago- based manufacturer of carbon dioxide
capture and storage technologies, in a privately negotiated transaction.

BP PLC-Pipeline Assets,Houston | Equistar Chemicals LPÂ Equistar Chemicals LP, a
joint venture unit of Millennium Chemicals Inc and Lyondell Chemical Co and a
unit of LyondellBasell Industries NV agreed to acquire pipeline assets located
in Houston from BP PLC, a London-based oil and gas exploration and production
company. Terms were not disclosed.

Cables Unlimited Inc | RF Industries LtdÂ RF Industries Inc (RF) definitively
agreed to acquire Cables Unlimited Inc, a Yaphank-based manufacturer of cable
wire products, for $5.536 million. The consideration was to consist of $2.8
million cash and the issuance of 0.76 million RF common shares valued at $2.736
million. The shares were valued based on RF's closing stock price of $3.6 on 06
June 2011, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Global Solaris Group | Endexx CorpÂ Endexx Corp acquired Global Solaris Group, a
Sedona-based provider of renewable energy services.

JMA Architects Inc | Michael Baker CorpÂ Michael Baker Corp acquired JMA
Architects Inc, a Las Vegas-based provider of architectural services. Terms were
not disclosed.

Humex Medical Group Inc | Provimex IncÂ Provimex Inc, a majority owned unit of
PHI Group Inc acquired the entire share capital of Humex Medical Group Inc, a
Garden Grove- based provider of stem cell research services.

Kat Box King Inc | For The Earth CorpÂ For The Earth Corp agreed to acquire Kat
Box King Inc, a Glen Carbon-based manufacturer and wholesaler of products for
cats, for $0.5 million worth of stock. The transaction was to include
acquisition of Litter to Go.

Media Exchange Group Inc | Consorteum Holdings IncÂ Consorteum Holdings Inc
definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Media Exchange Group
Inc, a Los Gatos-based provider of digital information services.

Precise Memory Inc | Sycamore Ventures IncÂ Sycamore Ventures Inc signed a
Letter of Intent {LOI} to acquire Precise Memory Inc, an Irvine-based designer
and manufacturer of memory modules.

Tiffany & Co | Compagnie Financiere RichemontÂ Compagnie Financiere Richemont SA
of Switzerland was rumored to be planning to acquire the entire share capital of
Tiffany & Co, a New York-based manufacturer and wholesaler of jewelry.

Online Directory Network | Elysium Internet IncÂ Elysium Internet Inc signed a
Letter of Intent (LoI) to acquire an undisclosed online directory network, an
Internet services provider offering online directory services.

Advanced Chemistry & Tech Inc | 3M CoÂ 3M Co agreed to acquire Advanced
Chemistry &Technology Inc, a Garden Grove-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
aircraft sealants and surface treatment products. Terms were not disclosed.

Antelope Hills Assets,Texas | Penn Virginia ResourceÂ Penn Virginia Resource
Partners LP acquire the Antelope Hills assets, located in Texas, a natural gas
gathering system and processing facility, for $11.44 million.

Arbor Park Shopping Center | Undisclosed AcquirorÂ A&B Properties Inc, a unit of
Alexander & Baldwin Inc divested its Arbor Park Shopping Center, a San
Antonio-based owner and operator of shopping centers to an undisclosed acquiror
for $22.5 million.

Braver Stern Sec-Platform | CRT Capital Group LLCÂ CRT Capital Group LLC
acquired the institutional sales and trading platform of Braver Stern Securities
LLC, a New York-based securities brokerage firm.

CareMore Health Plan | WellPoint IncÂ WellPoint Inc agreed to acquire CareMore
Health Plan, a Cerritos-based provider of health care services.

Charter Bank-Branches(6) | Washington Federal IncÂ Washington Federal Inc agreed
to acquire 6 branches, located in Albuquerque, Santa Fe, and Rio Rancho, New
Mexico of Charter Bank, an Albuquerque-based federal savings bank and a unit of
Beal Financial Corp.

Citigroup Inc-Private Equity | Axa Private Equity UK LtdÂ AXA Private Equity UK
Ltd, a unit of the AXA Investment Managers Private Equity Europe SA subsidiary
of AXA SA's AXA Investment Managers SA unit, agreed to acquire the private
equity portfolio of Citigroup Inc, a New York-based provider of financial
services, for an estimated $119 million based on the industry standard
Capitalization Rate (or Leverage Rate) of 7%, in a leveraged buyout transaction.
Originally, in March 2011, Citigroup was rumored to be seeking a buyer for its
portfolio and Pantheon, Coller Capital Ltd., Lexington Partners Inc., Partners
Group AG and HarbourVest Partners LLC were named potential bidders.

Oxy-Dry Food Blends Inc | CPC Dry Pack IncÂ CPC Dry Pack Inc acquired Oxy-Dry
Food Blends Inc, an Addison-based manufacturer of dry ingredient blending and
contract packaging products, from Baldwin Technology Co Inc (Baldwin).
Originally, in April 2011, Baldwin was seeking a buyer of its non- core food
blending and packaging business.

Royal Bk of Canada-US Op | BB&T CorpÂ BB&T Corp was rumored to be planning to
acquire the US operations of Royal Bank of Canada, a Montreal-based provider of
banking services. Terms were not disclosed but, according to sources, the
transaction was valued at an estimated $3 billion.

Sansgaard Seed Farms-Cert Asts | Dow AgroSciences LLCÂ Dow AgroSciences LLC, a
wholly-owned unit of The Dow Chemical Co, planned to acquire certain assets of
Sansgaard Seed Farms Inc, a Story City-based retailer and wholesaler of seeds.
Terms were not disclosed. The transaction was to include Prairie Brand Seed and
marketing assets, land, building, and equipment.

SeamlessWeb Professional | Spectrum Equity Investors LPÂ Spectrum Equity
Investors LP acquired an undisclosed minority stake in SeamlessWeb Professional
Solutions LLC, a New York- based developer of Internet software, from Aramark
Corp, for $50 million, in a provately negotiated transaction.

SmartReply Inc | SoundBite Communications IncÂ SoundBite Communications Inc
acquired SmartReply Inc, an Irvine-based provider of integrated multi-channel
telecommunication solution services, from FK Inc, for $3.2 in cash and up to an
undisclosed amount in profit- related payments.

Tchefuncte Natural Resources | Mesa Energy Holdings IncÂ Mesa Energy Holdings
Inc agreed to acquire Tchefuncte Natural Resources LLC, a Covington-based oil
and gas exploration and production company.

XG Sciences Inc | Posco Co LtdÂ POSCO Co Ltd of South Korea agreed to acquire a
20% stake in XG Sciences Inc, a Lansing-based manufacturer and wholesaler of
graphene nanoplatelets.

Journal Community-Pelican | The Observer Group IncÂ The Observer Group Inc
acquired the Pelican Press & PelicanPress Marketplace businesses of Journal
Community Publishing Group Inc, a Waupaca-based publisher of newspapers, and a
unit of Journal Communications Inc. Terms was not disclosed.

Web Ent & Talent Contest Co | Guard Dog IncÂ Guard Dog Inc merged with Web
Entertainment & Talent Contest Co, an application services provider.

Â Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Mergers and Acquisitions Reports

                                  May 23, 2011

Data Wrap

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 24 No. 21

LENGTH: 3612  words


Target | Acquiror

Transaction Synopsis

Arkansas Heart Hospital | AR-MED LLC

AR-MED LLC definitively agreed to acquire a 70.3% interest in Arkansas Health
Hospital, a Little Rock-based owner and operator of a hospital, from MedCath
Corp. Concurrently, Lovelace Health System Inc agreed to acquire Heart Hospital
of New Mexico, from MedCath.

appliedSB | VerveLife

VerveLife acquired appliedSB, a Chicago-based developed of technology platform.

Undisclosed Community Bank | Sterne Agee Group Inc

Sterne Agee Group Inc acquired a Delaware-based undisclosed community bank.
Terms were not disclosed.

Brookside Mortgage LLC | United Community Mortgage Corp

United Community Mortgage Corp, a wholly owned unit of PSM Holdings Inc's (PSM)
wholly-owned PrimeSource Mortgage Inc, signed a Letter of Intent (LoI) to merge
with Brookside Mortgage LLC, a Keyport-based provider of mortgage brokerage
services, in exchange for 0.8 million PSM common shares valued at $0.664
million. The shares were valued based on PSM's closing stock price of $0.83 on 6
May 2011, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Caritas Ranch Bar-B-Q Co | Precious Metals Exchange Corp

Precious Metals Exchange Corp signed a Letter of Intent (LoI) to acquire Caritas
Ranch Bar-B-Q Co, a Boerne-based producer and wholesaler of beef products.

Coining Holding Co | AMETEK Inc

AMETEK Inc acquired Coining Holding Co, a Montvale-based manufacturer of brazing
and soldering performs, from River Associates Investments LLC, for $148 million
in cash.

Data Techniques Inc | Novacoast Inc

Novacoast Inc acquired Data Technique Inc, a Burnsville-based developer and
wholesaler of software and fax modems.

Destron Fearing Corp | Allflex USA Inc

Allflex USA Inc agreed to acquire Destron Fearing Corp, a South St. Paul-based
developer and manufacturer of identification products, from Digital Angel Corp,
for $25 million.

Dollar Thrifty Automotive Grp | Hertz Global Holdings Inc

Hertz Global Holdings Inc (Hertz) planned to launch an unsolicited tender offer
to acquire the entire share capital of Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group Inc
(Dollar Thrifty), a Tulsa-based provider of passenger car rental services, for
$2.083 billion. The consideration was to consist of $57.6 cash per common share
or a total value of $1.666 billion and 0.8546 Hertz common share per Dollar
Thrifty share, or a total value of $416.58 million. The shares were valued based
on Hertz closing stock price of $16.85 on May 6, the last full trading day prior
to the announcement. Concurrently, Hertz announced that it was seeking a buyer
for its Advantage Rent-A-Car unit.

Foreign Currency Exchange Corp | Wells Fargo Bank NA

Wells Fargo Bank NA, a unit of Wells Fargo & Co, agreed to acquire Foreign
Currency Exchange Corp, an Orlando-based provider of foreign exchange services,
from First Rate Enterprises Ltd, a unit of Bank of Ireland PLC. Terms were not
disclosed.

Hawaii Box & Packaging Inc | Rengo Packaging Inc

Rengo Packaging Inc, a unit of Rengo Co Ltd, planned to acquire Hawaii Box &
Packaging Inc, an Aiea-based manufacturer and wholesaler of packaging boxes.
Terms were not disclosed.

Heart Hospital of New Mexico | Lovelace Health System Inc

Lovelace Health System Inc, a unit of Ardent Health Services LLC, definitively
agreed to acquire Heart Hospital of New Mexico, an Albuquerque-based owner and
operator of a hospital, from MedCath Corp. Concurrently, AR-MED definitively
agreed to acquire a 70.3% interest in Arkansas Heart Hospital.

HoneyBadger-Blackjack Ppty, NV | Entree Gold Inc

Entree Gold Inc (Entree) of Canada definitively agreed to acquire the remaining
49% stake, which it did not already own, in the Blackjack Property of
HoneyBadger Exploration Inc, a Toronto- based copper and gold mining company,
for $0.683 million. The consideration was to consist of $0.65 million in cash
and the issuance of 0.55 million Entree common shares valued at $0.033 million.
The shares were valued based on Entree's closing stock price of $0.062 on 6 May
2011, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Meyers-Reynolds & Associates | Arthur J Gallagher & Co

Arthur J Gallagher & Co acquired Meyers-Reynolds & Associates Inc, an Oklahoma
City-based provider of insurance brokerage and risk management services.

Modelware Inc | Xilinx Inc

Xilinx Inc acquired Modelware Inc, a Red bank- based manufacturer and wholesaler
of telecommunications semiconductors.

Oco Inc | Deloitte Consulting LLP

Deloitte Consulting LLP, a unit of Deloitte Touch Tohmatsu LLC, acquired Oco
Inc, a Waltham-based developer of on-demand business intelligence software.
Terms were not disclosed.

The3dStudio.com Inc | 3D Systems Corp

3D Systems corp acquired The3dStudio.com Inc, a Mesa- based developer of 3D
graphic software.

Pain Enterprises Inc | Airgas Inc

Airgas Inc acquired Pain Enterprises Inc, a Bloomington-based wholesaler of dry
ice, carbon dioxide and other gases.

Panther Energy Co LLC-Oil & | LINN Energy LLC

LINN Energy LLC (LINN) definitively agreed to acquire a 40% stake in the oil and
gas properties of Panther Energy Co LLC, a Tulsa-based oil and gas exploration
and production company. Concurrently, LINN definitively agreed to acquire a 40%
stake in the oil and gas properties of Red Willow Mid-Continent LLC. The two
transactions were to have a combined value of $220 million.

Pine Tree-Josephine Ppty, CA | Upper Canada Gold Corp

Upper Canada Gold Corp of Canada agreed to acquire the Pine Tree-Josephine
Property, a Mariposa-based gold mining property, for $12 million.

Revenue Cycle Solutions Inc | Waud Capital Partners LLC

Waud Capital Partners LLC acquired Revenue Cycle Solutions Inc, a Westchester-
based provider of receivable management services.

Red Willow-Oil & Gas Ppty | LINN Energy LLC

LINN Energy LLC (LINN) definitively agreed to acquire a 40% stake in the oil and
gas properties of Red Willow Mid-Continent LLC, a Perryton-based oil and gas
exploration and production company. Concurrently, LINN definitively agreed to
acquire a 40% stake in the oil and gas properties of Panther Energy Co LLC. The
two transactions were to have a combined value of $220 million.

Sage Automotive Interiors Inc | Investor Group

An investor group, comprised of The Gores Group LLC and the management of Sage
Automotive Interiors Inc (Sage) including CEO Mr. Dirk Pieper, COO Mr. Brian
McSharry and CFO Mr. Dave Gable, acquired Sage, a Greenville-based manufacturer
and wholesaler of automotive bodycloth and headliners, from Azalea Fund III LP,
a wholly-owned unit of Azalea Capital LLC, in a leveraged buyout transaction.
Terms were not disclosed.

Sapus Media | Zynga Game Network Inc

Zynga Game Network Inc acquired Sapus Media, a developer of mobile games
software.

Tap11.com | AVOS Systems Inc

AVOS Systems Inc acquired Tap11.com, a San Francisco-based developer of
prepackaged software.

Strategic Design Group Inc | ClickMail Marketing Inc

ClickMail Marketing Inc acquired Strategic Design Group Inc, a -San Francisco-
based provider of electronic mail services. Terms were not disclosed.

Altos Design Automation Inc | Cadence Design Systems Inc

Cadence Design Systems Inc acquired Altos Design Automation Inc, a Campbell-
based provider of characterization technology. Terms were not disclosed.

Apple American Group LLC | Investor Group

An investor group comprised of GS Capital Partners LP (GS), a unit of Goldman
Sachs Group Inc's Goldman Sachs & Co subsidiary, Weston Presidio Capital
(Weston), and the management Apple American Group LLC (Apple), acquired an
undisclosed minority stake in Apple, an Independence-based owner and operator of
restaurants, from Weston Presidio Capital, in privately negotiated transactions.
Originally, GS was rumored to be planning to acquire Apple from Weston.

ASP of Dickinson LLP | Univeristy Gen Health Sys Inc

University General Health System Inc acquired an undisclosed minority stake in
ASP of Dickinson LLP, a Dickinson-based owner and operator of medical and
surgical hospital.

CKx Inc | Apollo Global Management LLC

Apollo Global Management LLC (Apollo) definitively agreed to merge with CKx Inc
(CKx), New York-based provides motion picture production services, via tender
offer, for $5.5 in cash per share, or a total value of $509.374 million, in a
leveraged buyout transaction. Upon completion, Apollo was to apply for the
delisting of CKx shares from the Nasdaq Stock Exchange.

Cannabis Marketing Group LLC | Medical Marijuana Inc

Medical Marijuana Inc acquired a 50% interest in Cannabis Marketing Group LLC, a
Denver-based provider of marketing services.

Copps Grocery Store | Inland Real Estate Acq Inc

Inland Real Estate Acquisitions Inc (Inland), a unit of Inland Real Estate Group
of Cos, acquired Copps Grocery Store, a Neenah-based owner and operator of a
retail shopping center, for $6.2 million. Concurrently, Inland acquired
University Town Center.

Elite Professional IP | Saddleworth Ventures LLC

Saddleworth Ventures LLC (Saddleworth), a unit of Men's Medical Corp, agreed to
acquire Elite Professional IP Licensing Co, an owner and operator of licenses.
Concurrently, Saddleworth agreed to acquire Sound Management Group LLC, Regional
Professional Alliance Inc, and 2 Undisclosed Erectile Dysfunction Clinics.

Equitrac Corp | Nuance Communications Inc

Nuance Communications Inc agreed to acquire Equitrac Corp, a Plantation- based
software developer, for $157 million.

Golden Predator-Lewiston Ppty | Big Bear Mining Corp

Big Bear Mining Corp was granted an option to acquire the Lewiston Mining
District properties, located in Freemont County, Wyoming, of Golden Predator
Corp, a Vancouver-based gold, silver and precious metals mining company.

GreenWood Intl Ins Svcs Inc | Pan-American Life Ins Group

Pan-American Life Insurance Group acquired GreenWood International Insurance
Services Inc, a Boston-based insurance agency firm.

Hexa-2 Corp | Unilava Corp

Unilava Corp planned to acquire HEXA-2 Corp, a Los Angeles-based provider of
virtual meeting services.

Kirk Key Interlock Co LLC | Halma PLC

Halma PLC of the UK acquired Kirk Key Interlock Co LLC, a Massillon-based
manufacturer of key interlocks and interlocking systems, from Owens Holdings LLC
and other private individuals, for $14.7 million in cash.

Microfluidic Systems Inc | PositiveID Corp

PositiveID Corp, a majority-owned unit of Digital Angel Corp, agreed to acquire
Microfluidic Systems Inc, a Fremont-based manufacturer of biological sample
instruments, for $8.2 million. The consideration was to consist of $0.25 million
in cash, $0.95 million in PositiveID common shares, and $7 million based on
revenue and earnings targets over a four-year period.

Nordquist Sign Co Inc | Platinum Group Holdings Fund

Platinum Group Holdings II Fund, a wholly-owned unit of Platinum Group LLC,
acquired Nordquist Sign Co Inc, a Minneapolis-based manufacturer of signage.
Terms were not disclosed.

One Velocity Inc-Certain | Towerstream Corp

Towerstream Corp definitively agreed to acquire certain business assets from One
Velocity Inc, a Reno and Las Vegas-based provider of telecommunication services.

Regional Professional Alliance | Saddleworth Ventures LLC

Saddleworth Ventures LLC (Saddleworth), a unit of Men's Medical Corp, agreed to
acquire Regional Professional Alliance Inc, an owner and operator of hospitals.
Concurrently, Saddleworth agreed to acquire Elite Professional IP Licensing Co,
Sound Management Group LLC, and 2 Undisclosed Erectile Dysfunction Clinics.

Power Engineering Assoc Inc | Metadigm Services

Metadigm Services acquired Power Engineering Associates Inc, a Cleveland- based
provider of utility consulting services.

Rover Mining & Exploration Co | Uniwell Electronic Corp

Uniwell Electronic Corp of Canada signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the
entire share capital of Rover Mining & Exploration Co, a Las Vegas-based mineral
mining company.

Sound Management Group LLC | Saddleworth Ventures LLC

Saddleworth Ventures LLC (Saddleworth), a unit of Men's Medical Corp, agreed to
acquire Sound Management Group LLC, an owner and operator of medical clinics.
Concurrently, Saddleworth agreed to acquire Elite Professional IP Licensing Co,
Regional Professional Alliance Inc, and 2 Undisclosed Erectile Dysfunction
Clinics.

Erectile Dysfunction Clinic(2) | Saddleworth Ventures LLC

Saddleworth Ventures LLC (Saddleworth), a unit of Men's Medical Corp, agreed to
acquire 2 Undisclosed Erectile Dysfunction Clinics, owners and operators of
erectile dysfunction clinics. Concurrently, Saddleworth agreed to acquire Elite
Professional IP Licensing Co, Sound Management Group LLC, and Regional
Professional Alliance Inc.

SunUp Digital Systems Inc | Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc

Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc acquired SunUp Digital Systems Inc, a Santa
Clara-based developer of system software from Sony Electronic Publishing Ltd,
unit of Sony Corp. Terms were not disclosed.

University Town Center | Inland Real Estate Acq Inc

Inland Real Estate Acquisitions Inc (Inland), a unit of Inland Real Estate Group
of Cos, acquired University Town Center, a Norman-based owner and operator of a
retail shopping center, for an estimated $32.5 million. Concurrently, Inland
acquired Copps Grocery Store.

Zertia LLC | Arke Systems LLC

Arke Systems LLC acquired Zertia LLC, a provider of digital marketing services.

CSI Capital Management Inc | SunTrust Banks Inc, Atlanta, GA

SunTrust Banks Inc acquired CSI Capital Management Inc, a San Francisco-based
provider of wealth management services. Terms were not disclosed.

CVI Melles Griot | IDEX Corp

IDEX Corp definitively agreed to acquire CVI Melles Griot, an Albuquerque-based
manufacturer of photonics products, from, Norwest Equity Partners, a unit of
Wells, Fargo & Co's Wells Fargo Financial Inc subsidiary, for an estimated $400
million in cash.

Catilin Inc | Albemarle Corp

Albemarle Corp acquired Catilin Inc, an Ames-based manufacturer and wholesaler
of catalyst. Terms were not disclosed.

Big Sandy Pipeline LLC | Equitrans LP

Spectra Energy Partners LP agreed to acquire the entire share capital of Big
Sandy Pipeline LLC, a Langley- based provider of natural gas transportation
services, from Equitrans LP, a wholly-owned unit of EQT Corp, for an estimated
$390 million.

EGT Group-certain assets | EGT Printing Solutions

EGT Printing Solutions, a unit of Consolidated Graphics Inc acquired certain
assets from The EGT Group Inc, a Madison Heights-based provider of printing
services. Terms were not disclosed.

Exigent Security Products Inc | Neah Power Systems Inc

Neah Power Systems Inc planned to acquire Exigent Security Products Inc, a
Chicago-based manufaturer of electronic detector products.

Flypaper Studio Inc | Trivantis Corp

Trivantis Corp acquired Flypaper Studio Inc, a Phoenix-based developer of
software, from Inclusion Technologies Inc. terms were not disclosed.

Midwest Business Credit LLC | Q Lotus Holdings Inc

Q Lotus Holdings Inc planned to acquire Midwest Business Credit LLC, a
Naperville-based provider of financing services, for $20 million.

Midwest Business Solutions Inc | Global Imaging Systems Inc

Global Imaging Systems Inc, a wholly-owned unit of Xerox Corp, acquired Midwest
Business Solutions Inc, a Des Moines-based wholesaler of office equipment and
supplies.

One Superior Place | Hartz Mountain Industries Inc

Hartz Mountain Industries Inc acquired One Superior Place, a Chicago- based
owner and operator of apartment buildings, for an estimated $300 million.

Panorama Consulting Group | TPG Solutions

TPG Solutions, a unit of Prescott Group LLC, merged with Panorama Consulting
Group, a Denver-based provider of consulting services. Upon completion, the
merged entity will be renamed as Panorama Consulting Solutions.

SAENZ Corp | ALAS International Holdings In

ALAS International Holdings Inc acquired the entire share capital of SAENZ Corp,
a provider of yacht charter services.

Second Porch Inc | HomeAway Inc

HomeAway Inc acquired Second Porch Inc, a Portland- based provider of online
marketing home rentals services. Terms were not disclosed.

StarPoint USA Inc | Green Automotive Co Inc

Green Automotive Co Inc planned to acquire StarPoint USA Inc, a Compton-based
wholesaler of automobiles and automobile parts.

Tripwire Inc | Thoma Bravo LLC

Thoma Bravo LLC definitively agreed to acquire Tripwire Inc, a Portland-based
developer of web-based security system software, in a leveraged buyout
transaction. Terms were not disclosed.

Cherry Hill Mining Co Inc | Silver Sun Resource Corp

Silver Sun Resource Corp (Silver) raised its interest to 68.15% from 51%, by
acquiring a further 17.15% stake, in Cherry Hill Mining Co Inc, a mineral mining
company, in exchange for 0.5 million Silver common shares valued at $0.226
million. The shares were valued based on Silver's closing stock price of $0.452
on 11 May 2011, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Cryptography Research Inc | Rambus Inc

Rambus Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share capital of
Cryptography Research Inc, a San Francisco- based developer of network and data
security software, for $338.332 million. The consideration was to consist of
$217.5 million and the issuance of 50 million Rambus common shares valued at
$120.832 million. The shares were valued based on Rambus' closing stock price of
$18. 88 on 11 May 2011, the last full trading day prior to the announcement.

Double E Entrp-Certain Gold | Dutch Gold Resources Inc

Dutch Gold Resources Inc signed a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire certain gold
properties of Double E Enterprises, a gold mining company.

Dun Glen Mining Corp | United Resources Hldgs Group

United Resources Holdings Group Inc (United Resources) acquired the entire share
capital of Dun Glen Mining Corp, a gold mining company, in exchange for 15
million United Resources common shares valued at $5. 55 million. The shares were
valued based on United Resources' closing stock price of $0.37 on 11 May 2011,
the last full trading day prior to the announcement. Concurrently, United
Resources acquired the entire share capital of Pershing County Metal Inc.

Inside Network Inc | WebMediaBrands Inc

WebMediaBrands Inc merged with Inside Network Inc, a Palo Alto-based developer
of internet software, for $7.5 million in cash and 4.183 million common shares
valued at $6.986 million. The shares were valued based on the last full trading
day prior to the announcement.

Lafarge SA-Cement & Ready Mix | Cementos Argos SA

Cementos Argos SA of Colombia, a unit of Inversiones Argos SA, planned to
acquire the cement and ready mix assets of Lafarge SA, a Paris-based
manufacturer and wholesaler of construction materials, for $760 million.

Meadow Creek | Tire Factory Inc

Tire Factory Inc agreed to acquire Meadow Creek, a Denver-based wholesaler of
tire products, from, Nokian Tyres Inc, a unit of Nokian Tyres Plc.

MXenergy Inc | Constellation Energy Group Inc

Constellation Energy Group Inc definitively agreed to acquire the entire share
capital of MXenergy Inc, a Stamford-based electric utility company, from
MxEnergy Holdings Inc.

Pershing County Metal Inc | United Resources Hldgs Group

United Resources Holdings Group Inc (United Resources) acquired the entire share
capital of Pershing County Metal Inc, a gold mining company, in exchange for 1.2
million United Resources common shares valued at $0.444 million. The shares were
valued based on United Resources' closing stock price of $0.37 on 11 May 2011,
the last full trading day prior to the announcement. Concurrently, United
Resources acquired the entire share capital of Dun Glen Mining Corp.

Radisson Lexington Hotel NY | DiamondRock Hospitality Co

DiamondRock Hospitality Co was rumored to be planning to acquire Radisson
Lexington Hotel New York, an owner and operator of a hotel. Terms were not
disclosed, but according to sources close to the transaction, the deal was
valued at an estimated $335 million.

SMSA Treemont Acquisition Corp | New Fortress Group Ltd

New Fortress Group Ltd of British Virgin Islands agreed to acquire a 42.982%
stake, or 0.4 million new common shares, in SMSA Treemont Acquisition Corp, an
Argyle- based investment company, for a nominal cash consideration of $0.001 per
share, or a total value of $400, in a privately negotiated transaction.

Shona Energy Co Inc | Rodeo II

Rodeo II of Canada, a wholly-owned unit of Rodeo Capital II Corp (Rodeo), signed
a Letter of Intent {LoI} to acquire the entire share capital of Shona Energy Co
Inc (Shona), a Houston- based oil and gas exploration and production company, in
exchange for 2.72 million Rodeo common shares valued at $0. 989 million, via a
scheme of arrangement. The shares were valued based on Rodeo's closing stock
price of $0.364 on 05 May 2011, the last full trading day prior to the
announcement. Upon completion, the merged entity was to retain the name of
Shona.

Sequent Wolf Hollow LLC-Wolf | Exelon Generation Co LLC

Exelon Generation Co LLC, a wholly-owned unit of Exelon Corp, agreed to acquire
the Wolf Hollow plant, located in Texas, of Sequent Wolf Hollow LLC, an Austin-
based owner and operator of natural gas-fired power plant, and a unit of Stark
Power Generation II Holdings LLC, for $305 million.

SportsTap | Score Media Inc

Score Media Inc of Canada acquired SportsTap, a Davis-based provider of sports
programming services. Terms were not disclosed. The transaction were to include
ScoreMobile, ScoreMobile FC and theScore(TM).

Undisclosed Oil & Gas Leases | Wind River Energy Corp

Wind River Energy Corp of Canada acquired an undisclosed oil and gas leases
located in Wyoming, via auction.

Validus DC Systems LLC | ABB Ltd

ABB Ltd of Switzerland acquired an undisclosed majority interest in Validus DC
Systems LLC, a Brookfield- based provider of electric utility services. Terms
were not disclosed.

Data provided by Thomson Reuters

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                          October 31, 1990, Wednesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows what were then FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift
holding companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas,
Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia) to acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: On March 19, 1990, Connecticut expanded its New England regional
interstate banking law to allow banking institutions and holding companies from
outside New England to acquire Connecticut banking institutions and holding
companies on a reciprocal basis. The law also allows out-of-state holding
companies to establish banking institutions and holding companies in Connecticut
on a recpirocal basis beginning Feb. 1, 1992.

DELAWARE: Since June 30, 1990, Delaware has allowed thrifts from any state in
the union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the District of
Columbia superintendent is required, subject to override by the District
Council. Protection against hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also
permitted, provided that a proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit
needs of the community. Such branches must cash government checks for nonaccount
holders within target development areas. This law does not apply to federal
associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

HAWAII: State laws make no provision for interstate acquisitions.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1989. The March 1987 law does not
hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: Legislation effective Sept. 1, 1987, (IC 28-4-8-1) permits savings and
loans in the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to
acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. No out-of-state association may
acquire more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts took effect Jan. 1,
1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975, as provided by Title 9-B of the Maine Revised Statutes
Annotated, Section 1013. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia to acquire Maryland thrifts on
a reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEBRASKA: Revised Statutes of Nebraska 8-901, passed in 1988, authorizes
reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions for a 10-state group effective Jan. 1,
1990: Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, Kansas, Iowa, and Missouri. To date, only South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, and Missouri meet Nebraska's reciprocal test. Full nationwide
reciprocal acquisitions will be permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts took effect Jan. 1, 1989.
Since July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts have been permitted to operate de novo
institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that four of the 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana were deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, the District
of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

NORTH DAKOTA: Has no state-chartered savings institutions.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers took effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, the District of
Columbia, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, and West
Virginia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under RIGL (1956) 19-30, full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan. 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, the District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia are permitted to buy South
Carolina thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike
the protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, the legislation also allowed for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 2552 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              211 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                          September 18, 1990, Tuesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Terence Bormann at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within a defined southern region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts,
along with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks.
Reciprocity is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: On March 19, 1990, Connecticut expanded its New England regional
interstate banking law to allow banking institutions and holding companies from
outside New England to acquire Connecticut banking institutions and holding
companies on a reciprocal basis. The law also allows out-of-state holding
companies to establish banking institutions and holding companies in Connecticut
on a reciprocal basis beginning Feb. 1, 1992.

DELAWARE: Since June 30, 1990, Delaware has allowed thrifts from any state in
the union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt it from interstate
acquisition.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the district's
superintendent is required, subject to override by the District Council.
Protection against hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted,
provided that a proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the
community. Such branches must cash government checks for nonaccount-holders
within target development areas. This law does not apply to federal
associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

HAWAII: State law makes no provision for interstate acquisitions.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1989. The March 1987 law does not
hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: Legislation effective Sept. 1, 1987, (IC 28-4-8-1) permits savings and
loans in the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to
acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. No out-of-state association may
acquire more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of the state to acquire
three Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted
reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be
allowed to control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts took effect Jan. 1,
1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975, as provided by Title 9-B of the Maine Revised Statutes
Annotated, Section 1013. In 1984, the law was amended to drop a reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or to set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective
in 1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEBRASKA: Revised Statutes of Nebraska 8-901, passed in 1988, authorize
reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions for a 10-state group - Wisconsin,
Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, South Dakota, Wyoming, Colorado, Kansas, Iowa,
and Missouri - effective Jan. 1, 1990. To date, only South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, and Missouri meet Nebraska's reciprocity test. Full nationwide
reciprocal acquisitions will be permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts took effect Jan. 1, 1989.
Since July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts have been permitted to operate de novo
institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that allows New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of-state acquisitions
by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that four of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana were deemed reciprocal states, effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry will be allowed
July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
five years experimentally. In 1987, this law was made permanent and extended to
cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

NORTH DAKOTA: Has no state-chartered savings institutions.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers took effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions.
In-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan. 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allowed for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 2549 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              212 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Banks

                           October 17, 1989, Tuesday


To date, only Hawaii, Kansas, Montana, and North Dakota still lack
laws that permit some kind of interstate activity for banks. The District
of Columbia and the remaining states have all enacted interstate banking
legislation, as follows. This feature is compiled by Robert Paul Molay.

ALABAMA: Under legislation that became effective in July 1987, bank
holding companies from Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Alabama banks that have
been in existence for at least five years. Holding companies from Arkansas
become eligible when that state's reciprocal legislation takes effect.

ALASKA: Without restriction, legislation allows out-of-state bank holding
companies to acquire banks in Alaska.

ARIZONA: Out-of-state banks may acquire Arizona financial institutions
under a law effective Oct. 1, 1986. The legislation allows out-of-state
institutions to set up de novo operations in the state after June 30,
1992. Effective May 31, 1984, Arizona financial institutions less than
five years old are protected from hostile out-of-state bidders.

ARKANSAS: Subchapter 18 of the Regional Reciprocal Banking Act of 1988 (23
32-1803 of the Arkansas Business, Commercial, and Regulated Industries
Laws) permits regional reciprocal interstate banking beginning Jan. 1,
1989. The region includes Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida,
Georgia, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska,
North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and
West Virginia. The Arkansas law requires acquiring bank holding companies
to comply with the federal Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 and to
submit a plan for meeting the credit needs of individuals and small
businesses in the communities affected by the transaction.

CALIFORNIA: A law signed in September 1986, effective July 1987, allows
California banks to be acquired by bank holding companies in the states
that make up the 12th Federal Reserve District (Alaska, Arizona, Hawaii,
Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington), plus Colorado, New Mexico,
and Texas. The legislation hinges on reciprocity in the state of the
acquirer, which has not been enacted in Hawaii, Nevada, or Utah. Full
nationwide reciprocal banking begins Jan. 1, 1991. The law also specifies
that out-of-state banking companies outside the approved region, with
units in states inside the region, may not enter California until the
nationwide trigger date.

COLORADO: Regional reciprocal banking with seven adjacent states became
effective July 1, 1988. Full nationwide interstate banking will be
permitted  on Jan. 1, 1991.

CONNECTICUT: Under legislation passed in 1983, bank holding companies in
Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont may enter
Connecticut.

DELAWARE: A law passed in May 1987 allows banks from the District of
Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to acquire Delaware
banks on a reciprocal basis, effective Jan. 1, 1988. Virginia is included
if it incorporates  Delaware into its regional compact. Stockholders of in
state banks may elect to exempt themselves from out-of-state takeovers. On
June 30, 1990, nationwide banking - on a reciprocal basis only - takes
effect. Laws passed in 1981 and 1983 allow out-of-state bank holding
companies from outside the newly established region to set up limited
purpose, wholesale-oriented, single-office banks restricted to the credit
card and consumer lending business.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Since Nov. 23, 1985, banking companies from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in the
District of Columbia. Since April 11, 1986, banks outside the reciprocal
region are permitted to acquire District of Columbia banks if they make
certain community development commitments in the District.

FLORIDA: Bank holding companies may enter on a reciprocal basis from
states in Florida's regional interstate banking compact: Alabama,
Arkansas, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia. The 1984 law stipulates that the Florida institution being
acquired must be at least two years old. Under a 1972 law, Florida also
permits two out-of-state bank holding companies (NCNB Corp. of North
Carolina and Northern Trust Co., Chicago) - that already have
grandfathered operations in the state - to make further in-state
acquisitions.

GEORGIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida,
Kentucky, Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and
Virginia may acquire Georgia banks that are at least five years old, under
provisions of the state's 1984 law.  Mississippi will be included when its
reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state in the union have been permitted
to buy Idaho banks and thrifts since Jan. 1, 1988. The March 1987 law does
not hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Bank holding companies in the contiguous states of Indiana,
Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, and Wisconsin are permitted to acquire
Illinois banks and bank holding companies. Iowa is included in this group
if it enacts reciprocal legislation. Full nationwide interstate reciprocal
banking becomes effective Dec. 1, 1990, under Senate bill 990. Signed into
law in September 1987, this bill amends the Illinois Bank Holding Company
Act of 1957.

INDIANA: Out-of-state institutions from the contiguous states of Illinois,
Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio may acquire Indiana institutions. The law,
passed in 1985, became effective Jan. 1, 1987. Another law, effective June
1, 1987, adds Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virginia, and Wisconsin to the compact. Full, nationwide banking on a
reciprocal basis goes into effect July 1, 1992.

IOWA: Under a 1972 law, only one out-of-state institution, the Minnesota
based Norwest Corp., is permitted to acquire banks in Iowa. Norwest
operations in Iowa are grandfathered under the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956.

KENTUCKY: A law expired July 13, 1989, that limited holding companies from
any state that offers reciprocal privileges to acquiring banks in Kentucky
at the rate of three per year. No company is allowed to control more than
15% of bank deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Under legislation signed in July 1986, effective July 1987,
banking companies and savings and loans from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire Louisiana banks.
Mississippi was added to the list July 1, 1988, when its reciprocal law
became effective. Arkansas is included if it enacts the required
legislation. Full interstate banking on a reciprocal basis became
effective Jan. 1, 1989.

MAINE: Bank holding companies nationwide may acquire Maine banks under
legislation passed in 1984.

MARYLAND: Out-of-state bank holding companies not included in a regional
pact drawn up by the state's legislature may establish limited-purpose
banks in Maryland, according to legislation passed in 1983. As of July 1,
1986, Citibank was given permission to establish limited-service
operations and 10 offices a year for two years in the state. Citibank is
also now allowed to solicit business. In a separate regional reciprocal
arrangement, banks in Delaware, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District
of Columbia may acquire Maryland banks. As of July 1, 1987, bank holding
companies in Alabama, Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, are permitted to enter the state.
Arkansas, Georgia, and Tennessee lack the necessary reciprocal laws;
Mississippi was added to the list on July 1, 1988.

MASSACHUSETTS: This state's 1982 law permits bank branching and bank
holding company acquisitions on a reciprocal basis with other New England
states.

MICHIGAN: Effective Oct. 10, 1988, banks from any state may acquire
Michigan banks on a reciprocal basis. Bank holding companies in Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio, and Wisconsin had been allowed to enter Michigan on a
reciprocal basis under a law that took effect in January 1986.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, it has been permissible for banking
companies from Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin to acquire
Minnesota banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa and North Dakota have no
reciprocal interstate laws. The 1988 session laws, chapter 616-SF203
(effective April 24, 1988) add Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana,
Nebraska, Washington, and Wyoming to the list of reciprocating states.

MISSISSIPPI: Banks in Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee may acquire
Mississippi banks after July 1, 1988. Arkansas can be included if it
enacts reciprocal legislation.  On July 1, 1990, banks from Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas,
Virginia, and West Virginia also will be allowed to enter the state on a
reciprocal basis.

MISSOURI: Since Aug. 13, 1986, bank holding companies from Arkansas,
Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee have
been permitted to acquire Missouri banks on a reciprocal basis. Iowa has
no reciprocal legislation and Nebraska limits the activities of out-of
state banks.

NEBRASKA: On April 8, 1988, the governor signed LB 375 into law, opening
Nebraska to regional reciprocal interstate banking for a period of one
year beginning Jan. 1, 1990. The states in the designated North Central
region are Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North
Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Full nationwide reciprocal
interstate banking becomes effective Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Out-of-state bank holding companies may establish limited-purpose,
wholesale-oriented, single-office subsidiaries in Nevada under a 1984 law.
 Reciprocal restrictions were dropped on Jan. 1, 1989. Until July 1, 1990,
only an institution chartered prior to July 1, 1985, may be acquired.
After July 1, 1990, out-of-state organizations will be permitted to
acquire an existing institution, charter a new institution, or establish a
branch office.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Under a law passed in May 1987 that took effect Sept. 1,
1987,  banks in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and
Vermont may acquire New Hampshire banks. The legislation also would allow
New Hampshire banks to avoid out-of-state acquisition by "opting out" of
the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: Nationwide reciprocal interstate banking went into effect Jan.
1, 1988. States that have currently been certified as reciprocal by the
New Jersey Banking Department are Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Idaho,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma,
Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington,
West Virginia, and Wyoming. Puerto Rico has also been certified.
    Seven other states will meet New Jersey's reciprocal test when their
laws become effective: California (Jan. 1, 1991), Colorado (Jan. 1, 1991),
Illinois (Dec. 1, 1990), Indiana (July 1, 1992), Nebraska (Jan. 1, 1991),
New Mexico (Jan. 1, 1990), and Vermont (Feb. 1, 1990).

NEW MEXICO: On Feb. 17, 1988, the state legislature passed full interstate
legislation for commercial banks, with no reciprocity requirements and no
geographic limitations, effective Jan. 1, 1990. To enter New Mexico a
depository institution must have operated continuously for at least five
years. De novo entry is allowed July 1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding
companies from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a
reciprocal basis, for a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law
was made permanent and extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and
West Virginia may enter this state under a law enacted in 1984.
Mississippi will be included when its nationwide reciprocal law becomes
effective July 1, 1990. Arkansas becomes eligible if it enacts reciprocal
legislation.

OHIO: Effective Oct. 17, 1988, bank holding companies from any state may
acquire Ohio banks or bank holding companies on a reciprocal basis. Two
laws enacted in 1985 authorized initial entry by out-of-state bank holding
companies. The first permitted Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, to purchase
a thrift institution closed pending acquisition of federal deposit
insurance. A second bill effective Oct. 17, 1985, authorized banking
companies from Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin to enter Ohio. They
were limited to no more than 20% ownership of the state's bank and thrift
deposits. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of
Columbia were included if they passed reciprocal legislation.

OKLAHOMA: Under a May 1986 law, bank holding companies from anywhere in
the nation may bid against in-state banks to acquire failing Oklahoma
institutions. There is no reciprocity limitation attached to Oklahoma's
law. However, in order to expand after the purchase, the acquiring
institution's home state must have similar legislation on its books. If no
legislation exists, the out-of-state institution must wait four years
before expanding.

OREGON: Since July 1, 1986, banking companies in Alaska, Arizona,
California, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington have been
allowed to buy Oregon banks in existence for at least three years. Banking
companies in those states may acquire failing in-state institutions. Under
a law effective that became effective July 1, 1989, Oregon opened  its
borders to nationwide interstate banking on a nonreciprocal basis.

PENNSYLVANIA:  Legislation effective Aug. 25, 1986, permits banking
companies from Delaware, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, and Ohio to
acquire banks in Pennsylvania. Virginia, West Virginia, and the District
of Columbia are included if they pass reciprocal legislation. New York
banks will be allowed in the state on March 4, 1990, also the trigger date
for nationwide reciprocity.

RHODE ISLAND:  Effective Jan. 1, 1988 (RIGL (1956) 19-30), banks from any
state may acquire Rhode Island banks on a reciprocal basis.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Bank holding companies in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may
acquire South Carolina banks that have been in operation for five years or
more.

SOUTH DAKOTA: Effective Feb. 17, 1988 (responding to a decision by the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals), the South Dakota Legislature removed
restrictions and opened the state to reciprocal interstate banking on a
nationwide basis. Insurance activities of banks are still limited to the
extent that such activities "cannot compete to the substantial detriment
of South Dakota companies."

TENNESSEE: Bank holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia may acquire banks in
this state that have been operating for at least five years.

TEXAS: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banks from anywhere in the nation may acquire
Texas banks. However, the September 1986 legislation mandates that no
Texas bank chartered after July 15, 1986, may be acquired until it has
been in operation for at least five years. The state also requires that at
least 50% of the board of directors of any banking company new in the
state be Texas residents. Also, the law prohibits any out-of-state bank
from acquiring control of a Texas bank if, as a result of that
acquisition, the acquiring out-of-state bank holding company would control
25% or more of the total deposits of all banks in the state.

UTAH: Effective Dec. 31, 1987, banking companies from any state may
acquire healthy banks and thrifts in Utah.

VERMONT: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks from Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island may acquire Vermont banks.
After Feb. 1, 1990, banks from any state may acquire Vermont banks on a
reciprocal basis. With shareholder approval, any Vermont bank can rule out
an acquisition by an out-of-state bank until 1990.

VIRGINIA: Out-of-state bank holding companies from anywhere in the United
States may acquire newly chartered banks in Virginia. Their operations
however, must be restricted to the credit card business. Also, bank
holding companies from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, West
Virginia, and the District of Columbia may acquire Virginia banks that are
at least two years old. Mississippi is added to this list when its
reciprocal law becomes effective July 1, 1990.

WASHINGTON: Out-of-state bank holding companies from any state may acquire
a failing Washington institution if the state banking superintendent gives
final approval. Under a law that took effect in July  1987, banking
companies nationwide are permitted to acquire healthy institutions that
are at least three years old, but only on a reciprocal basis.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, banks and savings and loans from
any state may acquire, respectively, West Virginia banks and savings and
loans, but only on a reciprocal basis. The in-state institution must be at
least two years old.

WISCONSIN: As of Jan. 1, 1987, banking companies, savings and loans, and
credit unions from Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, and Ohio may acquire banks, savings and loans, and credit unions
in Wisconsin on a reciprocal basis. Iowa is included if it passes
reciprocal legislation.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, banking companies and savings and loans from
any state in the union may acquire Wyoming financial institutions. The
law, passed early in 1987, does not require reciprocity. It stipulates,
however, that the charter of the in-state institution being acquired must
be at least three years old.

SECTION: BANK TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 3527 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              213 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 13, 1985 Tuesday

Investment approvals,   acquisitions announced

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
    OTTAWA  - Industry Minister Sinclair Stevens announced the approval of
 two reviewable investment proposals by non-Canadians and notifications of
 non-reviewable investments for the period of July 15 to July 30.

Applications for the following acquisitions were approved under the  Investment
Canada Act:     Alexander & Alexander Services Inc. of New York to acquire
control of  Reed Stenhouse Cos. Ltd. of Toronto.

Northwest Industries Inc. of Chicago to acquire control of Cluett
 Peabody Canada Inc., consisting of its Fergusson Atlantic division of
 Toronto.

The agency has been notified of the following acquisitions that fell
 under the thresholds and did not require Government review:
    AOCO Ltd. of Toronto to acquire control of Tentron Optical Enterprises
 Inc. of Edmonton.

U.S.-owned Beatrice Foods (Ontario) Ltd. to acquire control of Kellough
 Bros. Dairy Ltd. of Thunder Bay.

Informer Computer Terminals of Canada Ltd. of Richmond, B.C., wholly
 owned by IHL Inc. of Laguna Hills, Calif., to acquire control of Opus
 Computers Ltd. of Richmond.

Liquid Carbonic Inc. of Toronto to acquire control of Toronto Oxygen
 Ltd. of Toronto.

Paul Finkelstein, Benjamin R. Jacobson, Carlotta Karlson Jacobson,
 Benjamin R. Jacobson and Carlotta Karlson Jacobson, ITF Nicholas Karlson,
 Ronald Hertzberg, Richard Gardner, Melvin Finkelstein, Gerald L. Parsky,
 Neil Finkelstein, trust for the benefit of Courtney Elizabeth Rainwater,
 trust for the benefit of Matthew James Rainwater, trust for the benefit of
 Richard Todd Rainwater, Alfred A. Checci, Peter M. Joost, trust under will
 of T. Lloyd Kelly for the benefit of Thomas Lloyd Kelly II, Mildred Wetten
 Kelly McDermott Trust FBO, Thomas L. Kelly II, Lee M. Bass, and Richard E.
 Rainwater of the United States to acquire control of Syntex Inc.,
 consisting of its Fermodyl division of Mississauga, Ont., which
 manufactures and wholesales hair care products.

Rowley Co. Ltd. of Switzerland to acquire control of Coastal Bearings
 Sales Ltd. of Saint John.

Wavetek Inc. of Mansfield, Ohio, to acquire control of Wavetek Ltd. of
 Mississauga.

Westinghouse Electric Corp. of Pittsburgh to acquire control of Gladwin
 Machinery Co. of Canada Ltd., Ayr, Ont.

Frank Russell Co. of Tacoma, Wash., to establish a pension consulting
 business in Toronto.

International Drilling Fluids of Britain, to establish a new business
 in Calgary to supply and serve the oil and gas industry with drilling
 fluids and production chemicals.

Jai-Alai Management and Investment Corp. Inc. of Hollywood, Fla., to
 establish a new business at Ste-Catharine, Que., to market and promote
 jai-alai games.

Metal Process Control Inc. of Chicago, to establish a new business in
 Toronto to sell and provide service for laser measuring devices and
 electromagnetic measuring equipment used in the metallurgy industry.

Nissan Automobile Co. (Canada) Ltd. of Japan to establish a new
 business in Mississauga to distribute outboard and other marine engines
 and industrial engines, generators, power heads and pumps.

Polymetrics Corp. (Canada) Inc. of Brantford, Ont., owned by
 Polymetrics Corp. of Monroe, Mich., Canadian Investment Group, Federal
 Business Development Bank and a Canadian citizen, to establish a new
 business in Brantford, to manufacture and sell rigid foam polymer board
 products.

Ryder PIE Nationwide Inc. of Jacksonville, Fla., to establish a new
 business in Burlington, Ont., to transport merchandise.

Shaffstall Corp. of Indianapolis, to establish a new business in
 Toronto to import and distribute typesetting interface equipment.

Signalcom Canada Corp., to establish a new business in Brampton, Ont.,
 to develop and market integrated signalling and communications systems for
 the transportation industry.

Sunohio Co. of Canton, Ohio, to establish a new business in Toronto to
 conduct on-site chemical and thermal treatment and destruction of
 polycholorinated biphenyls in electrical transformer mineral oil and other
 hazardous and toxic chemical substances.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 995 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                 WMI - Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                October 20, 2016

                            Kajaria Ceramics Limited

             J1/B1 Extention, Mohan Co - Opposite Industrial Estate
                                New Delhi 110044
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS * * * * * * * * *
*


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics to Acquire 51% Stake in Floera Ceramics
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Announced
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2015-07-20
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, a manufacturer and distributor of
ceramic and vitrified tiles, has agreed to acquire a 51% stake in M/s. Floera
Ceramics Private Limited, a company involved in the manufacture of metals and
chemical components, by subscribing to the equity shares. Both companies
involved in the transaction are based in India.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Floera Ceramics Private Limited Target M/s.
Floera Ceramics Private Limited is a private compay involved involved in
manufacture of metals and chemical components. The company is headquartered in
India.
COMPANY NAME:  Floera Ceramics Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  M/s. Floera Ceramics Private Limited is a private compay
involved involved in manufacture of metals and chemical components. The company
is headquartered in India.


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics to acquire additional 10% stake in Jaxx Vitrified
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Minority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Minority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Announced
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2014-05-07
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, a manufacturer of ceramic and
vitrified tiles, has received approval from board of directors to acquire an
additional 0% stake in Jaxx Vitrified Private Limited, a manufacturer and
supplier of polished vitrified tiles. Both companies involved in the transaction
are based in India. Additionally, Kajaria Ceramics received approval to acquire
51% stake in Taurus Tiles Private Limited, to acquire 100% stake in Kajaria
Bathware Private Limited and to sell 64% stake in Kajaria Sanitaryware Private
Limited. Following the transaction, Kajaria Ceramics increases its stake in Jaxx
Vitrified from 51% to 61%.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Jaxx Vitrified Private Limited Target Jaxx
Vitrified Private Limited is a manufacturer and supplier of polished vitrified
tiles.
COMPANY NAME:  Jaxx Vitrified Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Jaxx Vitrified Private Limited is a manufacturer and supplier
of polished vitrified tiles.


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics to acquire 51% stake in Taurus Tiles Private
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Announced
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2014-05-07
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, a manufacturer of ceramic and
vitrified tiles, has received approval from board of directors to acquire a 51%
stake in Taurus Tiles Private Limited, a manufacturer and supplier of vitrified
tiles. Both companies involved in the transaction are based in India.
Additionally, Kajaria Ceramics also received approval to acquire additional 10%
stake in Jaxx Vitrified Private Limited, to acquire 100% stake in Kajaria
Bathware Private Limited and to sell 64% stake in Kajaria Sanitaryware Private
Limited.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Taurus Tiles Private Limited Target Taurus
Tiles Private Limited is a manufacturer and supplier of vitrified tiles.
COMPANY NAME:  Taurus Tiles Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Taurus Tiles Private Limited is a manufacturer and supplier
of vitrified tiles.


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics to acquire 100% stake in Kajaria Bathware
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  100% Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  100% Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Announced
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2014-05-07
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, a manufacturer of ceramic and
vitrified tiles, has received approval from board of directors to acquire 100%
stake in Kajaria Bathware Private Limited. Both companies involved in the
transaction are based in India. Additionally, Kajaria Ceramics also received
approval to acquire an additional 10% stake in Jaxx Vitrified Private Limited,
to acquire a 51% stake in Taurus Tiles Private Limited and to sell a 64% stake
in Kajaria Sanitaryware Private Limited.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Kajaria Bathware Private Limited Target
COMPANY NAME:  Kajaria Bathware Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics to sell 64% stake in Kajaria Sanitaryware Private
to Kajaria Bathware Private
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Announced
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2014-05-07
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, a manufacturer of ceramic and
vitrified tiles, has received approval from board of directors to sell 64% stake
in Kajaria Sanitaryware Private Limited to Kajaria Bathware Private Limited. All
the companies involved in the transaction are based in India. Additionally,
Kajaria Ceramics received approval to acquire additional 10% stake in Jaxx
Vitrified Private Limited, to acquire 51% stake in Taurus Tiles Private Limited
and to acquire 100% stake in Kajaria Bathware Private Limited.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Kajaria Sanitaryware Private Limited Target
Kajaria Sanitaryware Private Limited Target
COMPANY NAME:  Kajaria Sanitaryware Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY NAME:  Kajaria Sanitaryware Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics acquires 51% stake in Cosa Ceramics
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2012-10-16
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, a manufacturer and supplier of
ceramic, polished, and glazed vitrified tiles for wall and floor applications,
has acquired a 51% stake in Cosa Ceramics Private Limited, a manufacturer of
ceramic tiles, for a purchase consideration of INR116.05 million (US$2.19
million). Both companies involved in the transaction are based in India.
Pursuant to the transaction, Cosa Ceramics will become the subsidiary of Kajaria
Ceramics.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  M/s Cosa Ceramics Private Limited Target M/s
Cosa Ceramics Private Limited is a manufacturer of ceramic tiles.
COMPANY NAME:  M/s Cosa Ceramics Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  M/s Cosa Ceramics Private Limited is a manufacturer of
ceramic tiles.


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics to acquire 51% stake in Vennar Ceramics
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Announced
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2012-04-02
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, an Indian manufacturer and seller of
ceramic/vitrified tiles, has agreed to acquire 51% stake in Vennar Ceramics
Limited (VCL), a manufacturer of ceramics, ceramics tiles, designer tiles, floor
tiles and wall tiles, for a purchase consideration of up to INR136.5 million
(US$2.61 million). Vennar Ceramics Limited (VCL) is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Anjani Portland Cement Limited (APCL), an Indian manufacturer of cement.
Pursuant to the transaction, Vennar Ceramics has become the subsidiary of
Kajaria Ceramics.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Vennar Ceramics Limited Target Vennar
Ceramics Limited is a manufacturer of ceramics, ceramics tiles, designer tiles,
floor tiles and wall tiles.
COMPANY NAME:  Vennar Ceramics Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Vennar Ceramics Limited is a manufacturer of ceramics,
ceramics tiles, designer tiles, floor tiles and wall tiles.


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria Ceramics acquires 51% stake in Jaxx Vitrified
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2012-01-30
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Ltd, a tiles manufacturer, has acquired a 51%
stake in Jaxx Vitrified Pvt Ltd, a polished vitrified tiles manufacturer, for a
consideration of INR62.6 million (US$1.24 million). Both companies involved in
the transaction are based in India. According to the agreement, Kajaria Ceramics
acquired 2.32 equity shares of Jaxx Vitrified at a price of INR27 (US$0.53) per
share.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Jaxx Vitrified Pvt Ltd Target Jaxx Vitrified
Pvt Ltd is a polished vitrified tiles manufacturer. The company has annual
capacity to produce polished vitrified tiles of 3.10 Mn sq mt p.a. Post deal the
total annual capacity of Kajaria to 33.70 Mn Sq Mt. The company is based in
Gujarat, India.
COMPANY NAME:  Jaxx Vitrified Pvt Ltd
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Jaxx Vitrified Pvt Ltd is a polished vitrified tiles
manufacturer. The company has annual capacity to produce polished vitrified
tiles of 3.10 Mn sq mt p.a. Post deal the total annual capacity of Kajaria to
33.70 Mn Sq Mt. The company is based in Gujarat, India.


DEAL TITLE:  Kajaria acquires 51% stake in Soriso Ceramic
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2011-02-25
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Kajaria Ceramics Limited, a manufacturer of ceramic floor and
wall tiles, completed the acquisition of 51% stake in SORISO CERAMIC, a
manufacturer and supplier of porcelain tiles, for a total consideration of
INR56.04 Million ($1.23 million). Both the companies are based in India. Under
the acquisition, Kajaria has acquired 1.53 million equity shares at a price of
INR36.63 ($0.80) per share. Following the acquisition, Soriso Ceramic will
become the subsidiary of Kajaria Ceramics. The acquisition will enable both the
companies to increase the capacity further to cater to the southern and western
part of the country to take advantage in transportation charges.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Soriso Ceramic Private Limited Target
COMPANY NAME:  Soriso Ceramic Private Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016


                              215 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2010 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 July 12, 2010

                            Finlay Enterprises, Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Gordon Brothers announces to acquire Finlay

   Date: Sep 24, 2009

   Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, an advisory, restructuring and
investment firm, announced to acquire business and assets of Finlay Enterprises,
Inc. (Finlay), a jewelry retailer. Gordon won the acquisition in a bankruptcy
auction. However, the sale still requires bankruptcy court approval. If the deal
get approval then the transaction is expected to be completed by February 2010.

Gordon bidded for $0.8575 per share for total value of $116 million. Moreover,
the company will close approximately 49 Finlay stores.


Finlay Enterprises acquires Bailey Banks & Biddle from Zale

   Date: Nov 12, 2007

   Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, an advisory, restructuring and
investment firm, announced to acquire business and assets of Finlay Enterprises,
Inc. (Finlay), a jewelry retailer. Gordon won the acquisition in a bankruptcy
auction. However, the sale still requires bankruptcy court approval. If the deal
get approval then the transaction is expected to be completed by February 2010.

Gordon bidded for $0.8575 per share for total value of $116 million. Moreover,
the company will close approximately 49 Finlay stores.


Finlay Enterprises acquires Congress Jewelers

   Date: Dec 04, 2006

   Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, an advisory, restructuring and
investment firm, announced to acquire business and assets of Finlay Enterprises,
Inc. (Finlay), a jewelry retailer. Gordon won the acquisition in a bankruptcy
auction. However, the sale still requires bankruptcy court approval. If the deal
get approval then the transaction is expected to be completed by February 2010.

Gordon bidded for $0.8575 per share for total value of $116 million. Moreover,
the company will close approximately 49 Finlay stores.


Finlay acquires Bailey Banks & Biddle

   Date: Nov 12, 2006

   Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, an advisory, restructuring and
investment firm, announced to acquire business and assets of Finlay Enterprises,
Inc. (Finlay), a jewelry retailer. Gordon won the acquisition in a bankruptcy
auction. However, the sale still requires bankruptcy court approval. If the deal
get approval then the transaction is expected to be completed by February 2010.

Gordon bidded for $0.8575 per share for total value of $116 million. Moreover,
the company will close approximately 49 Finlay stores.


Finlay Enterprises forms a licensing partnership with Federated Department
Stores

   Date: Nov 15, 2005

   Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, an advisory, restructuring and
investment firm, announced to acquire business and assets of Finlay Enterprises,
Inc. (Finlay), a jewelry retailer. Gordon won the acquisition in a bankruptcy
auction. However, the sale still requires bankruptcy court approval. If the deal
get approval then the transaction is expected to be completed by February 2010.

Gordon bidded for $0.8575 per share for total value of $116 million. Moreover,
the company will close approximately 49 Finlay stores.


Finlay acquires Carlyle

   Date: May 19, 2005

   Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, an advisory, restructuring and
investment firm, announced to acquire business and assets of Finlay Enterprises,
Inc. (Finlay), a jewelry retailer. Gordon won the acquisition in a bankruptcy
auction. However, the sale still requires bankruptcy court approval. If the deal
get approval then the transaction is expected to be completed by February 2010.

Gordon bidded for $0.8575 per share for total value of $116 million. Moreover,
the company will close approximately 49 Finlay stores.


Finlay Enterprises acquires Carlyle & Co.

   Date: May 19, 2005

   Gordon Brothers Retail Partners, LLC, an advisory, restructuring and
investment firm, announced to acquire business and assets of Finlay Enterprises,
Inc. (Finlay), a jewelry retailer. Gordon won the acquisition in a bankruptcy
auction. However, the sale still requires bankruptcy court approval. If the deal
get approval then the transaction is expected to be completed by February 2010.

Gordon bidded for $0.8575 per share for total value of $116 million. Moreover,
the company will close approximately 49 Finlay stores.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Financial Ratios                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010


                              216 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     October 21, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Crowd Investing Acquire Real Estate Completes Funding for DoubleTree by Hilton
DFW Airport in Strong-Performing Dallas/Fort Worth Market

LENGTH: 356  words


Oct. 21 -- Acquire Real Estate, a premier real estate crowd investing platform,
recently closed its crowd investing fund for the DoubleTree by Hilton DFW
Airport, a 282-room, 8-story hotel located adjacent to Dallas-Fort Worth
Airport.

The project attracted investors from across the country that contributed between
$5,000 and $75,000 in investments.

Acquire Real Estate provided $262,500 in funding for the hotel, which is located
in one of the nation's strongest-performing economies. Investors are projected
to receive average annual returns above 20% paid quarterly over a 7- to 10-year
term. Funding for the crowd investment closed quickly, with many investors
turning to real estate in the wake of recent stock market volatility.

"We're seeing growing demand from our investors for high-quality hotel
opportunities in strong-performing markets," said Steven Bettinger, CEO of
Acquire Real Estate. "With its excellent location and positive cash flow, the
DoubleTree by Hilton was a natural fit for the Acquire platform."

The property is located less than two miles from DFW Airport near a number of
top employers including Verizon, AT&T and Microsoft. Hotel amenities include
17,000 square feet of function space, a full-service business center and airport
shuttle services. The property was purchased in January 2015 by The
Buccini/Pollin Group for an undisclosed amount.

According to PKF Hospitality Research (PKF-HR), today's hotel room rates have
surpassed pre-recession levels. PKF-HR predicts that U.S. hotels will continue
to enjoy above-average RevPAR (revenue per available room) growth through 2018,
with hotels located in airport and suburban areas realizing the strongest gains.

Acquire's platform features a collection of income-producing properties from top
national sponsors; as a true crowd investing platform, all of Acquire's
properties are first pre-screened and then pre-funded by Acquire. By pre-funding
its share of deals with its own capital, Acquire eliminates funding risk to its
Sponsors and ensures all parties' interests remain aligned.

To learn more, visit www.AcquireRealEstate.com.

Source: Acquire Real Estate

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                Mergers & Acquisitions, The Dealmaker's Journal

                               November 21, 2014

The Weekly Wrap: Sentinel, Shutterfly, Arcus;
Sentinel Capital buys RotoMetrics; Shutterfly picks up Groovebook; Arcus
acquires Dead Down Wind

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3653  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Allergan Inc              Actavis PLC         68,445.4       Actavis PLC of
                                                         Ireland, acting as
                                                              white knight,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                           Allergan Inc, an
                                                               Irvine-based
                                                        manufacturer of eye
                                                       care, neuromodulator
                                                              and skin care
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                              products, for
                                                        $68.445 billion via
                                                       a challenging offer.
                                                            Actavis offered
                                                        $129.22 in cash and
                                                            0.3683 ordinary
                                                        shares per Allergan
                                                            share. Based on
                                                           Actavis' closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                              $243.77 on 14
                                                         November, the last
                                                           full trading day
                                                               prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                         Allergan share was
                                                       valued at $219. Upon
                                                       completion, Allergan
                                                         common shares were
                                                        to be delisted from
                                                         the New York Stock
                                                                  Exchange.
                                                        Previously, Valeant
                                                            Pharmaceuticals
                                                         International Inc,
                                                                through its
                                                          wholly-owned AGMS
                                                        Inc subsidiary, and
                                                            Pershing Square
                                                         Capital Management
                                                              LP launched a
                                                       hostile tender offer
                                                             to acquire the
                                                           remaining 90.29%
                                                                interest in
                                                                  Allergan.
                                                        Originally, Actavis
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of Allergan.
Bakken Pipeline       Energy Transfer          3,750.0      Energy Transfer
Project                   Partners LP                    Partners LP agreed
                                                               to raise its
                                                       interest to 75% from
                                                         30% by acquiring a
                                                        45% stake in Bakken
                                                       Pipeline Project, an
                                                         owner and operator
                                                               of crude oil
                                                            pipelines, from
                                                            Energy Transfer
                                                           Equity LP for an
                                                            estimated $3.75
                                                                   billion.
Cobalt Capital       Colony Financial          1,600.0 Colony Financial Inc
Partners                          Inc                   definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Cobalt
                                                       Capital Partners, an
                                                          Irving-based real
                                                          estate investment
                                                               firm, for an
                                                             estimated $1.6
                                                                   billion.
First Wind              SunEdison Inc          1,510.0        SunEdison Inc
Holdings LLC                                            definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire First
                                                        Wind Holdings LLC ,
                                                             a Boston-based
                                                           renewable energy
                                                           electric utility
                                                            company, for an
                                                            estimated $1.51
                                                               billion. The
                                                              consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                       consist of $299 mil,
                                                            $340 million in
                                                          seller notes, the
                                                         assumption of $361
                                                                 million in
                                                         liabilities and up
                                                          to a further $510
                                                                 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                        TerraForm Power LLC
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                               to acquire a
                                                               portfolio of
                                                         operating wind and
                                                            solar assets of
                                                       First Wind Holdings.
First Wind Hldg       TerraForm Power            862.0 TerraForm Power LLC,
LLC-Operating                     LLC                   a unit of TerraForm
                                                                 Power Inc,
                                                        ultimately-owned by
                                                             SunEdison Inc,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                               to acquire a
                                                               portfolio of
                                                         operating wind and
                                                         solar power assets
                                                              of First Wind
                                                            Holdings LLC, a
                                                               Boston-based
                                                           renewable energy
                                                           electric utility
                                                            company, for an
                                                        estimated $862 mil,
                                                              including the
                                                           assumption of an
                                                         undisclosed amount
                                                            in liabilities.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                                  SunEdison
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire First
                                                             Wind Holdings.
Oplink                Koch Optics Inc            428.2   Koch Optics Inc, a
Communications Inc                                             unit of Koch
                                                            Industries Inc,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                                  of Oplink
                                                        Communications Inc,
                                                            a Fremont-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                fiber optic
                                                                 networking
                                                          components, via a
                                                           tender offer for
                                                         $24.25 in cash per
                                                          share, or a total
                                                          value of $428.153
                                                         million. The offer
                                                       was conditioned upon
                                                       at least majority of
                                                                     Oplink
                                                           Communications's
                                                               shares being
                                                                  tendered.
Hanley Wood               Informa PLC            375.0   Informa PLC of the
LLC-Exhibitions                                        UK agreed to acquire
                                                       exhibitions business
                                                        of Hanley Wood LLC,
                                                         a Washington-based
                                                         publisher of trade
                                                        magazines, for $375
                                                           million in cash.
Online Yearbook        Rocky Mountain            357.7       Rocky Mountain
                    Resource Holdings                     Resource Holdings
                                  LLC                        LLC acquired a
                                                        69.06% interest, or
                                                         5.2 million shares
                                                        of Online Yearbook,
                                                          a Henderson-based
                                                        provider, producer,
                                                               designer and
                                                        publisher of online
                                                              yearbooks for
                                                               schools, for
                                                          $357.671 million.
Abbott Animal              Zoetis Inc            255.0 Zoetis Inc agreed to
Health                                                 acquire Abbot Animal
                                                           Health, an Abbot
                                                        Park-based provider
                                                              of veterinary
                                                             services, from
                                                        Abbott Laboratories
                                                               for $255 mi.
Lightbridge         Tech Mahindra Ltd            240.0 Tech Mahindra Ltd of
Communications                                           India definitively
Corp                                                      agreed to acquire
                                                                Lightbridge
                                                       Communications Corp,
                                                             a McLean-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          telecommunication
                                                           services, for an
                                                             estimated $240
                                                                   million.
BinOptics Corp     M/A-COM Technology            230.0   M/A-COM Technology
                   Solutions Holdings                    Solutions Holdings
                                  Inc                      Inc definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                         BinOptics Corp, an
                                                               Ithaca-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             monolithically
                                                                 integrated
                                                             optoelectronic
                                                       components, for $230
                                                           million in cash.
Change Healthcare          Emdeon Inc            185.0   Emdeon Inc, a unit
Corp                                                    of Blackstone Group
                                                           LP, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          Change Healthcare
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                            Brentwood-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        healthcare consumer
                                                             engagement and
                                                               transparency
                                                          solutions, for an
                                                             estimated $185
                                                               million. The
                                                              consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                            consist of $135
                                                        million in cash and
                                                       up to $50 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Pan West Engineers     Investor Group            168.0    An investor group
& Constructors LLC                                             comprised of
                                                       state-owned National
                                                         Insurance Board of
                                                         Trinidad & Tobago,
                                                       National Enterprises
                                                         Ltd and Trinidad &
                                                          Tobago Unit Trust
                                                          Corp acquired the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                                of Pan West
                                                                Engineers &
                                                        Constructors LLC, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                engineering
                                                             services, from
                                                           General Electric
                                                       Capital Corp, a unit
                                                        of General Electric
                                                               Co, for $168
                                                               million. The
                                                       transaction included
                                                       the acquisition of a
                                                       10% stake in Phoenix
                                                        Park Gas Processors
                                                                       Ltd.
Compuware            1000 Webward LLC            142.0     1000 Webward LLC
Corp-Office                                             definitively agreed
Building                                                     to acquire the
                                                            office building
                                                        located in Detroit,
                                                               Michigan, of
                                                          Compuware Corp, a
                                                              Detroit-based
                                                               developer of
                                                                application
                                                                performance
                                                       management software,
                                                        for $142 million in
                                                                      cash.
Dean & DeLuca Inc    Pace Development            140.0     PACE Development
                             Corp PCL                  Corp PCL of Thailand
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                          capital of Dean &
                                                          DeLuca Inc, a New
                                                                 York-based
                                                              multi-channel
                                                        retailer of gourmet
                                                       and specialty foods,
                                                          for $140 million.
Four Seasons       Strategic Hotels &            140.0   Strategic Hotels &
Resort                    Resorts Inc                    Resorts Inc agreed
                                                            to acquire Four
                                                             Seasons Resort
                                                              Scottsdale, a
                                                           Scottsdale-based
                                                         hotel, from Walton
                                                         Street Capital LLC
                                                          for $140 million.
MoGas Pipeline LLC          CorEnergy            125.0            CorEnergy
                       Infrastructure                  Infrastructure Trust
                                Trust                      Inc definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                           capital of MoGas
                                                         Pipeline LLC, a St
                                                         Peters-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                                natural gas
                                                        pipelines, for $125
                                                       million in cash. The
                                                         transaction was to
                                                             include United
                                                           Property Systems
                                                                       LLC.
ChyronHego Corp        Vector Capital            113.5  Vector Capital Corp
                                 Corp                   definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                              of ChyronHego
                                                             Corporation, a
                                                             Melville-based
                                                       provider of graphics
                                                         services, from MWW
                                                       Group Inc, a unit of
                                                       Interpublic Group of
                                                                  Cos Inc's
                                                                GolinHarris
                                                              International
                                                            subsidiary, for
                                                          $2.82 in cash per
                                                          share, or a total
                                                          value of $113.513
                                                               million in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Valley                            BNC             98.9          BNC Bancorp
Financial,Roanoke, Bancorp,Thomasvill                   definitively agreed
VA                               e,NC                        to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of Valley Financial
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                         Roanoke-based bank
                                                        holding company, in
                                                               a stock swap
                                                         transaction valued
                                                        at $98.899 million.
                                                        BNC Bancorp offered
                                                          $20 common shares
                                                       per Valley Financial
                                                                     share.
Allylix Inc         Evolva Holding SA             61.0 Evolva Holding SA of
                                                         Switzerland agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of Allylix Inc, a
                                                            San Diego-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         renewable chemical
                                                               products, in
                                                            exchange for 46
                                                       million new ordinary
                                                           shares valued at
                                                       $61.033 million. The
                                                         shares were valued
                                                            based on Evolva
                                                         Holdings's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                               $1.327 on 17
                                                         November 2014, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
Kansas City           Carey Watermark             56.7      Carey Watermark
Marriott Country        Investors Inc                         Investors Inc
Club Plaza                                             acquired Kansas City
                                                           Marriott Country
                                                              Club Plaza, a
                                                        Kansas-based hotel,
                                                                 from Noble
                                                       Investment Group LLC
                                                          for 56.7 million.
Frost Bk Tower,One   California State             48.7     California State
Amer Ctr,                   Teachers'                  Teachers' Retirement
                    Retirement System                   System acquired the
                                                        remaining 40% stake
                                                           which it did not
                                                       already own in Frost
                                                            Bank Tower, One
                                                        American Center and
                                                       300 West 6th Street,
                                                         located in Austin,
                                                        Texas, from Parkway
                                                         Properties Inc, an
                                                         Orlando-based real
                                                          estate investment
                                                          trust, for $48.68
                                                                   million.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                         Parkway Properties
                                                               acquired the
                                                              remaining 60%
                                                          interest which it
                                                        did not already own
                                                         in the San Jacinto
                                                             Center and One
                                                        Congress Plaza from
                                                           California State
                                                       Teachers' Retirement
                                                                    System.
RFL Electronics         Hubbell Power             20.0        Hubbell Power
Inc                       Systems Inc                   Systems Inc, a unit
                                                            of Hubbell Inc,
                                                               acquired RFL
                                                         Electronics Inc, a
                                                       Boonton-Township-bas
                                                        ed manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          communication and
                                                       protection products,
                                                         from SL Industries
                                                       Inc for an estimated
                                                               $20 million.
Nicox Inc                     Valeant             20.0              Valeant
                      Pharmaceuticals                       Pharmaceuticals
                                 Intl                     International Inc
                                                        acquired Nicox Inc,
                                                         a Fort Worth-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         diagnostic medical
                                                        devices, from Nicox
                                                        SA for an estimated
                                                           $20 million. The
                                                              consideration
                                                       offered consisted of
                                                        $10 million in cash
                                                              and up to $10
                                                                 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Groovebook             Shutterfly Inc             14.5       Shutterfly Inc
                                                       acquired Groovebook,
                                                           a Delaware-based
                                                         provider of mobile
                                                                 photo book
                                                          applications, for
                                                             $14.5 million.
Archetype             Colony American             11.6      Colony American
Credit-Loans              Finance LLC                   Finance LLC, a unit
                                                         of Colony American
                                                        Homes Inc, acquired
                                                         the loan portfolio
                                                           of single family
                                                         homes of Archetype
                                                         Credit Opportunity
                                                        Fund LP, a provider
                                                           of money lending
                                                        services, for $11.5
                                                       million based on the
                                                                   standard
                                                        capitalization rate
                                                                     of 7%.
Ruths Hospitality        Landry's Inc             10.0         Landry's Inc
Group                                                   definitively agreed
Inc-Mitchells                                                to acquire the
                                                             Mitchells Fish
                                                                 Market and
                                                         Mitchells/Camerons
                                                                 Steakhouse
                                                        businesses of Ruths
                                                          Hospitality Group
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                       Heathrow-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                       restaurants, for $10
                                                                   million.
Atna                  Waterton Nevada             10.0      Waterton Nevada
Resources-Subsidia       Splitter LLC                  Splitter LLC, a unit
ries(2)                                                of Waterton Precious
                                                             Metals Fund II
                                                       Cayman LP, agreed to
                                                                acquire two
                                                       subsidiaries of Atna
                                                           Resources Ltd, a
                                                          Golden-based gold
                                                          and metals mining
                                                           company, for $10
                                                                   million.
BranchOut Inc              1-Page Ltd              4.7        1-Page Ltd of
                                                       Australia agreed to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                       BranchOut Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                               professional
                                                       networking services,
                                                        for $4.745 million.
                                                          The consideration
                                                             offered was to
                                                              consist of $2
                                                        million in cash and
                                                       the issuance of 7. 5
                                                         million new 1-Page
                                                            ordinary shares
                                                           valued at $2.745
                                                        million. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                           1-Page's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                               $0.366 on 13
                                                         November 2014, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
Vicon Inds           MD Jahirul Islam              3.5     MD Jahirul Islam
Inc-Operating                                             agreed to acquire
Facility                                                      the operating
                                                          facility of Vicon
                                                          Industries Inc, a
                                                            Hauppauge-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             closed circuit
                                                         television systems
                                                                 and system
                                                       components, for $3.5
                                                                   million.
Rae Launo              Farmer Bros Co              1.5       Farmer Bros Co
Corp-Coffee Bus                                         definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       delivery amd in-room
                                                        distribution coffee
                                                          businesses of Rae
                                                              Launo Corp, a
                                                                Tampa-based
                                                       wholesaler of coffee
                                                          and tea, for $1.5
                                                                   million.
Dollars Per Minute     EVINE Live Inc              1.1       EVINE Live Inc
Inc-Certain Assets                                        agreed to acquire
                                                          certain assets of
                                                         Dollars Per Minute
                                                                 Inc, a New
                                                        York-based provider
                                                       of integrated direct
                                                              marketing and
                                                        ecommerce services,
                                                        for $1.064 million.
                                                        The transaction was
                                                       to include the EVINE
                                                                     brand.
Heinen &               PI-2 Texas LLC              0.6    PI-2 Texas LLC, a
Associates LLC                                                 wholly-owned
                                                              subsidiary of
                                                                    Starrex
                                                         International Ltd,
                                                          acquired Heinen &
                                                         Associates LLC, an
                                                        investment company,
                                                         for $0.64 million.
                                                          The consideration
                                                       offered consisted of
                                                           $0.05 million in
                                                       cash, $0.275 million
                                                        in promissory notes
                                                          and 0.450 million
                                                                    Starrex
                                                       International common
                                                           shares valued at
                                                        $0.315 million. The
                                                         shares were valued
                                                           based on Starrex
                                                            International's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                              of $0.7 on 19
                                                         November 2014, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
VFA Inc                  Accruent LLC               Â  Accruent LLC, a unit
                                                           of TA Associates
                                                             Management LP,
                                                        acquired VFA Inc, a
                                                               Boston-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       end-to-end solutions
                                                             for facilities
                                                       capital planning and
                                                          asset management.
Cutanogen Corp              Amarantus               Â             Amarantus
                     Biosciences Hldg                  Biosciences Holdings
                                  Inc                    Inc was granted an
                                                          option to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of Cutanogen
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Cincinnati-based
                                                              biotechnology
                                                        company, from Lonza
                                                                Group AG of
                                                        Switzerland's Lonza
                                                           Walkersville Inc
                                                                subsidiary.
Brand Collective    Anchorage Capital               Â     Anchorage Capital
Inc                      Partners Pty                   Partners Pty Ltd of
                                                              Australia was
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                           Brand Collective
                                                         Inc, a Miami-based
                                                       provider of branding
                                                              and marketing
                                                             services, from
                                                         Pacific Brands Ltd
                                                             in a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Potentia                      Apellis               Â               Apellis
Pharmaceuticals       Pharmaceuticals                   Pharmaceuticals LLC
Inc                               LLC                     acquired Potentia
                                                       Pharmaceuticals Inc,
                                                          a Crestwood-based
                                                              biotechnology
                                                                   company.
Dead Down Wind LLC  Arcus Hunting LLC               Â  Arcus Hunting LLC, a
                                                             unit of Bregal
                                                         Partners, acquired
                                                        Dead Down Wind LLC,
                                                                 a Pleasant
                                                               Valley-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          scent elimination
                                                               products for
                                                        hunters. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Miller Harrison    Arthur J Gallagher               Â  Arthur J Gallagher &
Insurance Services               & Co                    Co acquired Miller
                                                         Harrison Insurance
                                                                Services, a
                                                            Muscatine-based
                                                          insurance agency.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Fantasy Flight     Asmodee Group SASU               Â    Asmodee Group SASU
Publishing Inc                                         of France, a unit of
                                                         Eurazeo SA, agreed
                                                              to merge with
                                                             Fantasy Flight
                                                          Publishing Inc, a
                                                            Roseville-based
                                                                hobby games
                                                           publisher. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
UHY Advisors              BDO USA LLP               Â   BDO USA LLP, a unit
Inc-Texas Practice                                     of BDO International
                                                             Ltd, agreed to
                                                          acquire the Texas
                                                            Practice of UHY
                                                            Advisors Inc, a
                                                              Chicago-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       accounting, auditing
                                                       and tax and business
                                                       consulting services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Vagrant Records      BMG Chrysalis US               Â      BMG Chrysalis US
Inc                                                        acquired Vagrant
                                                         Records Inc, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        management services
                                                                for various
                                                         musicians, artists
                                                          and entertainers.
Vycon Inc                    Calnetix               Â              Calnetix
                     Technologies LLC                      Technologies LLC
                                                        acquired Vycon Inc,
                                                           a Cerritos-based
                                                       manufacturer of high
                                                             cycling energy
                                                           storage flywheel
                                                                systems and
                                                                 machinery.
Matchbook Labs Inc   Campaign Monitor               Â  Campaign Monitor Pty
                              Pty Ltd                   Ltd of Australia, a
                                                            unit of Insight
                                                           Venture Partners
                                                              LLC, acquired
                                                        Matchbook Labs Inc,
                                                                      a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                        developer of online
                                                            survey software
                                                        applications. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Multimedia           Explore Anywhere               Â      Explore Anywhere
Platforms LLC           Holdings Corp                  Holdings Corp signed
                                                         a letter of intent
                                                                 to acquire
                                                       Multimedia Platforms
                                                                LLC, a Fort
                                                           Lauderdale-based
                                                                 multimedia
                                                             technology and
                                                        publishing company.
Bk of America                   First               Â    First Bank, a unit
Corp-Branch        Bank,Strasburg,Vir                     of First National
Banking(6)                      ginia                       Corp, agreed to
                                                         acquire six branch
                                                         banking operations
                                                         of Charlotte-based
                                                            Bank of America
                                                                      Corp.
Gambassa Inc       Greenwood Hall Inc               Â    Greenwood Hall Inc
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                            Gambassa Inc, a
                                                       Marina del Rey-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                SaaS-based,
                                                            next-generation
                                                                stand-alone
                                                                educational
                                                         ecosystems for the
                                                                   K-20 and
                                                            small-to-medium
                                                          business markets.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Swarm Solutions           Groupon Inc               Â  Groupon Inc acquired
Inc                                                    Swarm Solutions Inc,
                                                                      a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                              CRM tools for
                                                             offline retail
                                                         stores. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Hyperspring LLC     GSE Power Systems               Â     GSE Power Systems
                                  Inc                    Inc, a unit of GSE
                                                               Systems Inc,
                                                       acquired Hyperspring
                                                       LLC, a Madison-based
                                                          provider of staff
                                                              augmentation,
                                                               training and
                                                            development and
                                                           plant operations
                                                          support services.
                                                          Concurrently, GSE
                                                              Power Systems
                                                             acquired a 50%
                                                                interest in
                                                           IntelliQlik LLC.
IntelliQlik LLC     GSE Power Systems               Â     GSE Power Systems
                                  Inc                    Inc, a unit of GSE
                                                               Systems Inc,
                                                             acquired a 50%
                                                                interest in
                                                         IntelliQlik LLC, a
                                                        developer of online
                                                               learning and
                                                        learning management
                                                                  software.
                                                          Concurrently, GSE
                                                              Power Systems
                                                       acquired Hyperspring
                                                                       LLC.
Hip Appeal Inc          In Media Corp               Â  In Media Corp signed
                                                         a letter of intent
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Hip Appeal Inc, a
                                                             Carlsbad-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                          women's outerwear
                                                                   apparel.
Lighthouse             Investor Group               Â     An investor group
Holdings Inc                                           comprised of Kelso &
                                                            Co and Estancia
                                                         Capital Management
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                                 to acquire
                                                        Lighthouse Holdings
                                                       Inc, a Chicago-based
                                                                 closed-end
                                                        investment fund, in
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                         transaction. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Oasis Outsourcing      Investor Group               Â     An investor group
LLC                                                      comprised of Stone
                                                          Point Capital LLC
                                                         and the management
                                                       of Oasis Outsourcing
                                                              LLC agreed to
                                                           acquire Oasis, a
                                                                  West Palm
                                                       Beach-based provider
                                                          of human resource
                                                             services, from
                                                        Nautic Partners LLC
                                                             in a secondary
                                                        buyout transaction.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Hospital Practice             IPC The               Â   IPC The Hospitalist
Associates Inc     Hospitalist Co Inc                       Co Inc acquired
                                                          Hospital Practice
                                                          Associates Inc, a
                                                         Jacksonville-based
                                                       provider of hospital
                                                               medicine and
                                                       post-acute services.
RealWeld Systems     Lincoln Electric               Â      Lincoln Electric
Inc                      Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                          acquired RealWeld
                                                             Systems Inc, a
                                                             Columbus-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           welding training
                                                          systems, from EWI
                                                          Inc. Terms of the
                                                       transaction were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Smith Intl            Logan Oil Tools               Â   Logan Oil Tools Inc
Inc-Houston                       Inc                         of Canada , a
Engineers                                                      wholly-owned
                                                        subsidiary of Logan
                                                         International Inc,
                                                       acquired the Houston
                                                        Engineers Specialty
                                                       Fishing Tool product
                                                            line from Smith
                                                       International Inc, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                        manufacturer of oil
                                                           drilling fluids,
                                                         systems, tools and
                                                          related products.
MarketCast Inc     MarketCast Inc SPV               Â   MarketCast Inc SPV,
                                                          a special purpose
                                                        acquisition vehicle
                                                             created by RLJ
                                                        Equity Partners LLC
                                                               and GE Asset
                                                          Management Inc, a
                                                            unit of General
                                                       Electric Co, Madison
                                                        Capital Funding LLC
                                                              and Brookside
                                                        Mezzanine Partners,
                                                        acquired MarketCast
                                                                 Inc, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                         provider of market
                                                         research services,
                                                              from Shamrock
                                                        Capital Growth Fund
                                                          III LP, a unit of
                                                           Shamrock Capital
                                                         Advisors LLC, in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                            Originally, RLJ
                                                        Equity Partners was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                                MarketCast.
OnFocus Healthcare  MedeAnalytics Inc               Â     MedeAnalytics Inc
Inc                                                        acquired OnFocus
                                                          Healthcare Inc, a
                                                            Brentwood-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       consulting services.
MyWedding LLC           Meredith Corp               Â  Meredith Corp agreed
                                                       to acquire MyWedding
                                                              LLC, a Castle
                                                        Rock-based provider
                                                                  of online
                                                                marketplace
                                                                  services.
500friends Inc             Merkle Inc               Â   Merkle Inc acquired
                                                          500friends Inc, a
                                                        San Francisco-based
                                                       developer of loyalty
                                                         solution software.
Airxcel Inc          One Rock Capital               Â      One Rock Capital
                         Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                           acquired Airxcel
                                                       Inc, a Wichita-based
                                                        manufacturer of air
                                                               conditioning
                                                            equipment, from
                                                         Bruckmann, Rosser,
                                                       Sherrill & Co LLC in
                                                         a secondary buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                                Previously,
                                                         Bruckmann, Rosser,
                                                              Sherrill & Co
                                                       acquired Airxcel Inc
                                                             in a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
San Jacinto Center Parkway Properties               Â    Parkway Properties
and One Congress                  Inc                      Inc acquired the
Plaza                                                         remaining 60%
                                                          interest which it
                                                        did not already own
                                                         in the San Jacinto
                                                             Center and One
                                                            Congress Plaza,
                                                         located in Austin,
                                                                Texas, from
                                                           California State
                                                       Teachers' Retirement
                                                                  System, a
                                                           Sacramento-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         retirement benefit
                                                                  services.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                           California State
                                                       Teachers' Retirement
                                                        System acquired the
                                                        remaining 40% which
                                                         it did not already
                                                        own in One American
                                                         Center, Frost Bank
                                                         Tower and 300 West
                                                            6th Street from
                                                        Parkway Properties.
Main Steel          Peak Rock Capital               Â     Peak Rock Capital
Polishing Co Inc                  LLC                     LLC acquired Main
                                                         Steel Polishing Co
                                                              Inc, a Tinton
                                                       Falls-based provider
                                                        of steel processing
                                                             services, from
                                                        Shale-Inland LLC in
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Drs Foster & Smith       Petco Animal               Â          Petco Animal
Inc                      Supplies Inc                         Supplies Inc,
                                                       jointly-owned by TPG
                                                            Partners LP and
                                                            Leonard Green &
                                                        Partners LP, agreed
                                                             to acquire Drs
                                                       Fosters & Smith Inc,
                                                        a Rhinelander-based
                                                            retailer of pet
                                                               supplies and
                                                           medicines. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Dallas Regional      Prime Healthcare               Â      Prime Healthcare
Medical Center           Services Inc                          Services Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Dallas
                                                           Regional Medical
                                                                  Center, a
                                                             Mesquite-based
                                                             hospital, from
                                                           Community Health
                                                               Systems Inc.
Talisman Energy        Regency Energy               Â     In November 2014,
Inc-Marcellus             Partners LP                        Regency Energy
                                                            Partners LP was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                              the Marcellus
                                                        Pipeline operations
                                                         of Talisman Energy
                                                       Inc, a Calgary-based
                                                                oil and gas
                                                            exploration and
                                                        production company.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                               close to the
                                                        situation, the deal
                                                           was valued at an
                                                               estimated $1
                                                                   billion.
Motley Bunch Inc      Return Path Inc               Â       Return Path Inc
                                                            acquired Motley
                                                               Bunch Inc, a
                                                           Pleasanton-based
                                                               developer of
                                                        technology to parse
                                                         unstructured email
                                                                      data.
Fisher/Unitech Inc       Riverside Co               Â          Riverside Co
                                                                   acquired
                                                        Fisher/Unitech Inc,
                                                               a Troy-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                information
                                                             technology and
                                                                engineering
                                                             services, in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                         transaction. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
RotoMetrics          Sentinel Capital               Â      Sentinel Capital
                         Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                                   acquired
                                                             RotoMetrics, a
                                                               Eureka-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                             distributor of
                                                           precision rotary
                                                       tools, flexible dies
                                                       and rotary toolings,
                                                          from Morgenthaler
                                                        Partners, a unit of
                                                       Morgenthaler Private
                                                               Equity, in a
                                                           secondary buyout
                                                         transaction. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
                                                                Previously,
                                                               Morgenthaler
                                                          Partners acquired
                                                           RotoMetrics in a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Exterran                 Shareholders               Â     Exterran Holdings
Hldg-Intl&Fabricat                                     Inc, a Houston-based
ion                                                     provider of natural
                                                           gas compression,
                                                          equipment rental,
                                                            maintenance and
                                                       operations services,
                                                        planned to spin off
                                                          its international
                                                            and fabrication
                                                          businesses to its
                                                              shareholders.
Finetech Inc               Structural               Â  Structural Integrity
                            Integrity                     Associates Inc, a
                      Associates Inc,                     unit of HBS Group
                                                       Inc, signed a letter
                                                       of intent to acquire
                                                            Finetech Inc, a
                                                           Parsippany-based
                                                                provider of
                                                           applications and
                                                               solutions in
                                                           chemical control
                                                                 processes.
Rain Forest                TransGlobe               Â   TransGlobe Internet
Adventures Holding Internet & Telecom                   & Telecom Co Ltd of
Ltd                            Co Ltd                       Canada signed a
                                                       letter of intent to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                                Rain Forest
                                                         Adventures Holding
                                                         Ltd, a Miami-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        rainforest tour and
                                                        adventure services,
                                                            in exchange for
                                                        TransGlobe Internet
                                                            & Telecomcommon
                                                        shares in a reverse
                                                                   takeover
                                                               transaction.
St James Fed Svgs     Wells Financial               Â  Wells Financial Corp
& Loan Assn                      Corp                   definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of St James-based St
                                                              James Federal
                                                             Savings & Loan
                                                            Association, in
                                                         exchange for Wells
                                                           Financial common
                                                                    shares.
Wentworth           WinWay Technology               Â  WinWay Technology Co
Laboratories                   Co Ltd                         Ltd of Taiwan
Inc-Vertical Probe                                             acquired the
                                                        vertical probe card
                                                        assets of Wentworth
                                                        Laboratories Inc, a
                                                           Brookfield-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            probe cards and
                                                              wafer probing
                                                                  products.
Kimco Realty              World Class               Â   World Class Capital
Corp-Shopping       Capital Group LLC                    Group LLC acquired
Center Portfolio                                        the shopping center
                                                         portfolio of Kimco
                                                         Realty Corp, a New
                                                       Hyde Park-based real
                                                          estate investment
                                                                     trust.
US M&A Deals                       Â                Â                    Â
Announced November
16 - November 21,
2014
Source: Thomson                    Â                Â                    Â
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                           August 23, 1990, Thursday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

HAWAII: State laws make no provision for interstate acquisitions.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1989. The March 1987 law does not
hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: Legislation effective Sept. 1, 1987, (IC 28-4-8-1) permits savings and
loans in the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to
acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. No out-of-state association may
acquire more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975, as provided by Title 9-B of the Maine Revised Statutes
Annotated, Section 1013. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEBRASKA: Revised Statutes of Nebraska 8-901, passed in 1988, authorize
reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions for a 10-state group effective Jan. 1,
1990: Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, Kansas, Iowa, and Missouri. To date, only South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, and Missouri meet Nebraska's reciprocal test. Full nationwide
reciprocal acquisitions will be permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan.
1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de
novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

NORTH DAKOTA: Has no state-chartered savings institutions.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allowed for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 2569 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              219 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                            June 6, 1990, Wednesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

HAWAII: State laws make no provision for interstate acquisitions.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1989. The March 1987 law does not
hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: Legislation effective Sept. 1, 1987, (IC 28-4-8-1) permits savings and
loans in the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to
acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. No out-of-state association may
acquire more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975, as provided by Title 9-B of the Maine Revised Statutes
Annotated, Section 1013. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEBRASKA: Revised Statutes of Nebraska 8-901, passed in 1988, authorize
reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions for a 10-state group effective Jan. 1,
1990: Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, Kansas, Iowa, and Missouri. To date, only South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, and Missouri meet Nebraska's reciprocal test. Full nationwide
reciprocal acquisitions will be permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan.
1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de
novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

NORTH DAKOTA: Has no state-chartered savings institutions.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allowed for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 2570 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              220 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                             March 16, 1990, Friday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

HAWAII: State laws make no provision for interstate acquisitions.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1989. The March 1987 law does not
hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: Legislation effective Sept. 1, 1987, (IC 28-4-8-1) permits savings and
loans in the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to
acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. No out-of-state association may
acquire more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975, as provided by Title 9-B of the Maine Revised Statutes
Annotated, Section 1013. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEBRASKA: Revised Statutes of Nebraska 8-901, passed in 1988, authorize
reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions for a 10-state group effective Jan. 1,
1990: Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, Kansas, Iowa, and Missouri. To date, only South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, and Missouri meet Nebraska's reciprocal test. Full nationwide
reciprocal acquisitions will be permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan.
1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de
novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

NORTH DAKOTA: Has no state-chartered savings institutions.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allowed for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 2570 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              221 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Look at Laws Granting Interstate Powers to Thrifts

                            March 7, 1990, Wednesday


In response to numerous requests from readers, this list of interstate thrift
laws is gradually being expanded to include reference numbers identifying the
laws. If you can supply copies of any of these laws, or if there is other
information you would like to see included in future listings, please write to
Robert Paul Molay at the American Banker, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, N.Y.
10004.

ALABAMA: The Alabama Regional Reciprocal Savings Institutions Act (87 152),
effective July 1, 1987, allows FSLIC-insured thrifts and thrift holding
companies from within the defined Southern Region (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to
acquire Alabama thrift institutions on a reciprocal basis.

ALASKA: In 1982, the state passed nationwide interstate powers for thrifts along
with legislation permitting interstate banking for commercial banks. Reciprocity
is not required.

ARIZONA: Since Oct. 1, 1986, thrifts from any state have been eligible to
acquire Arizona thrifts. No reciprocity is required. The legislation allows
out-of-state thrifts to set up de novo operations in Arizona after June 30,
1992. Also, any thrift in the state formed after May 31, 1984, has protection
from hostile out-of-state bidders until it is five years old.

ARKANSAS: Legislation signed in February 1987 allows thrifts in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia to acquire Arkansas
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

CALIFORNIA: Since July 1, 1987 - under California Financial Code Section 10010 -
thrifts from Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico,
Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington have been allowed to buy California thrifts
on a reciprocal basis. Full nationwide reciprocal banking is permitted by code
Section 10000 after Jan. 1, 1991.

COLORADO: SB121 provides that, from July 1, 1988, until Jan. 1, 1991, a Colorado
thrift may be acquired by a thrift from any contiguous state that has generally
reciprocal laws. Full, unrestricted interstate mergers or acquisitions of
Colorado thrifts are allowed after Jan. 1, 1991. Even after this date, no
acquisition or merger will be allowed if it creates an entity that would control
more than 25% of the aggregate federally insured deposits of banks, thrifts, and
other financial institutions in Colorado.

CONNECTICUT: Legislation passed in 1983 allows thrifts from Maine,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont to buy Connecticut
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

DELAWARE: Since Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania have been allowed to acquire Delaware thrifts on a reciprocal
basis only. Thrifts from Virginia and the District of Columbia may enter the
state when their legislatures incorporate thrifts in their respective regional
compacts. After June 30, 1990, Delaware will allow thrifts from any state in the
union to enter the state on a reciprocal basis. An opt-out provision permits
stockholders of any in-state institution to exempt itself from interstate
acquisition before or after the effective date of the legislation.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: Effective Oct. 12, 1988, D.C. Law 7-175 permits a regional
thrift or thrift holding company to acquire a District of Columbia thrift or
thrift holding company that has been in operation two years or more, if
permitted by the home state of the acquirer. Approval of the D.C. superintendent
is required, subject to override by the District Council. Protection against
hostile takeovers is provided. Branching is also permitted, provided that a
proposal is filed for meeting deposit and credit needs of the community. Such
branches must cash government checks for nonaccount holders within target
development areas. This law does not apply to federal associations.

FLORIDA: Since Jan. 1, 1987, thrifts from any state in the union have been
permitted to acquire Florida thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The law was passed
in 1986.

GEORGIA: The state passed regional, reciprocal interstate legislation for
thrifts in early 1987. The law allows thrift holding companies in Alabama,
Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Georgia
thrift holding companies.

HAWAII: State laws make no provision for interstate acquisitions.

IDAHO: Banks and thrifts from any state are permitted to buy Idaho banks and
thrifts, under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1989. The March 1987 law does not
hinge on reciprocity.

ILLINOIS: Illinois Public Act 85-313 (Senate Bill 213), effective Sept. 10,
1987, allows an out-of-state savings and loan holding company to control or own
more than 5% of an Illinois thrift holding company if the acquiring company's
home state provides reciprocal privileges.

INDIANA: Legislation effective Sept. 1, 1987, (IC 28-4-8-1) permits savings and
loans in the contiguous states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio to
acquire Indiana thrifts on a reciprocal basis. No out-of-state association may
acquire more than 15% of thrift deposits in the state.

IOWA: Since May 1987, savings and loans from any state have been permitted to
acquire thrift institutions in Iowa on a reciprocal basis. The legislation
reinterprets the meaning of the term "association" to include "foreign"
associations.

KANSAS: A law effective April 23, 1987, allows any state-chartered savings and
loan association with a home office in Kansas to operate branch offices in any
other state. The law also provides reciprocal privileges for state-chartered
savings and loans based outside Kansas.

KENTUCKY: House Bill 497, signed into law by the governor March 31 and effective
July 15, 1988, allows any holding company in or out of state to acquire three
Kentucky thrifts per year until July 15, 1993, when unrestricted reciprocal
interstate thrift acquisitions will be permitted. No company will be allowed to
control more than 15% of savings and loan deposits in Kentucky.

LOUISIANA: Full reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts went into effect Jan.
1, 1989.

MAINE: Nationwide reciprocal interstate powers for thrifts have been in effect
in Maine since 1975, as provided by Title 9-B of the Maine Revised Statutes
Annotated, Section 1013. In 1984, the law was amended to drop the reciprocity
requirement.

MARYLAND: The state's interstate law, effective July 1, 1987, allows savings and
loans from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to acquire Maryland thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MASSACHUSETTS: Since 1982, thrifts in Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Vermont,
and New Hampshire have been permitted to acquire Massachusetts thrifts on a
reciprocal basis.

MICHIGAN: Thrifts from any state may acquire or merge with Michigan savings and
loans on a reciprocal basis under a bill that took effect July 7, 1987.

MINNESOTA: Since July 1, 1986, savings and loans from Iowa, North Dakota, South
Dakota, and Wisconsin have been permitted to acquire Minnesota savings and loans
or set up branches in the state on a reciprocal basis. MSA 51.058, effective in
1988, added Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Washington,
and Wyoming to the list.

MISSISSIPPI: Section 81-12-187 of the Mississippi Code of 1972 is being
interpreted by the state's five-member board to mean that thrifts from any state
are allowed to acquire Mississippi savings and loans on a reciprocal basis,
subject to board approval.

MISSOURI: Thrifts from Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Tennessee may acquire Missouri savings institutions on a
reciprocal basis. The law was passed in 1986.

NEBRASKA: Revised Statutes of Nebraska 8-901, passed in 1988, authorize
reciprocal interstate thrift acquisitions for a 10-state group effective Jan. 1,
1990: Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, Kansas, Iowa, and Missouri. To date, only South Dakota, Wyoming,
Colorado, and Missouri meet Nebraska's reciprocal test. Full nationwide
reciprocal acquisitions will be permitted after Jan. 1, 1991.

NEVADA: Nonreciprocal nationwide powers for thrifts went into into effect Jan.
1, 1989. After July 1, 1990, out-of-state thrifts are permitted to operate de
novo institutions in the state.

NEW HAMPSHIRE: Since Sept. 1, 1987, thrifts in Connecticut, Maine,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont have been permitted to acquire New
Hampshire savings and loans. The legislation, passed in May 1987, also has a
provision that would allow New Hampshire thrifts to avoid out-of state
acquisitions by "opting out" of the interstate law every two years.

NEW JERSEY: On July 30, 1987, the state passed a two-phase process for the
introduction of reciprocal thrift interstate banking. The initial regional
phase, effective June 15, 1988, opened New Jersey to thrifts and thrift holding
companies from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia on a reciprocal basis. The
second phase became effective Nov. 15, 1988, triggered by reciprocal laws in
Arizona, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The banking commissioner has
determined that these states now meet New Jersey's requirements for reciprocity
and that 4 of those 13 are among the 10 largest thrift deposit states. New
Mexico and Louisiana have been deemed reciprocal states effective Jan. 1, 1989.

NEW MEXICO: Effective Jan. 1, 1989, an out-of-state thrift or thrift holding
company may acquire any New Mexico thrift or thrift holding company that has
been continuously operated for at least five years. (38th Legislature, 2d
session, laws of 1988, chapter 5, Senate bill 70, as amended.) There are no
reciprocity requirements or regional restrictions. De novo entry is allowed July
1, 1992.

NEW YORK: A 1982 law permitted out-of-state commercial bank holding companies
from anywhere in the United States to enter New York on a reciprocal basis, for
a five-year experimental period. In 1987 this law was made permanent and
extended to cover thrifts.

NORTH CAROLINA: Under a 1984 law, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia may enter this state on a
reciprocal basis.

NORTH DAKOTA: Has no state-chartered savings institutions.

OHIO: Nationwide reciprocal thrift powers went into effect Oct. 17, 1988.

OKLAHOMA: A June 1986 law states that any out-of-state savings institution may
acquire and operate an unlimited number of Oklahoma savings institutions. The
in-state thrifts, however, must be at least five years old before they can be
acquired.

OREGON: Legislation passed in 1985 allows thrifts from any state to acquire
Oregon savings and loans. No reciprocity is required. However, federally
chartered institutions wishing to operate de novo institutions in Oregon must
have headquarters in states with reciprocal legislation.

PENNSYLVANIA: Since December 1986, thrifts from Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky,
Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of
Columbia have been permitted to acquire Pennsylvania thrifts on a reciprocal
basis. (Savings Association Code of 1967, as amended, 7 P.S. S6020-14.)

RHODE ISLAND: Under (RIGL (1956) 19-30), full nationwide reciprocal powers took
effect Jan 1, 1988.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Savings and loans in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia are permitted to buy South Carolina
thrifts under a June 1985 law. The legislation is reciprocal. Unlike the
protection granted the state's banks, South Carolina thrifts less than five
years old are not protected against hostile acquisition by out-of-state thrifts.


SOUTH DAKOTA: A 1927 statute, amended in 1967, allows "foreign and federal
associations" to enter and branch in South Dakota under the same rules that
apply to the state's domestic institutions. Federal savings and loans are not
considered "foreign" under South Dakota law.

TENNESSEE: Since July 1985, thrifts from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia have been permitted to acquire Tennessee
thrifts on a reciprocal basis.

TEXAS: Under a 1986 law, Texas savings and loans may acquire thrifts and operate
branches in any state that includes Texas in its regional or national banking
compact. Current state banking law, according to the Texas Savings and Loan
League, allows any financial or nonfinancial institution to buy a Texas thrift.

UTAH: Since Dec. 31, 1987, thrifts from anywhere in the nation may acquire Utah
savings and loans on a reciprocal basis.

VERMONT: Under a law that took effect Jan. 1, 1988, out-of-state thrifts within
the New England region may acquire or merge with Vermont savings and loans on a
reciprocal basis. Passed in May 1987, this state's legislation also allowed for
nationwide reciprocal activity starting Feb. 1, 1990.

VIRGINIA: Since July 1, 1985, out-of-state savings associations based in
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the
District of Columbia have been permitted to acquire Virginia savings and loans
on a reciprocal basis. The charter of the in state savings and loan being
acquired must be at least two years old. The law also states that at least 80%
of the deposits of the acquiring institution must come from the region defined.

WASHINGTON: A law passed in 1981 permits state-chartered savings banks and
federally insured savings and loans from any other state to merge with or
acquire Washington savings and loans, with the approval of the appropriate state
regulators. In 1982, a comprehensive rewrite of the code determined that thrift
interstate activity hinges on reciprocity.

WEST VIRGINIA: Effective Jan. 1, 1988, savings and loans from any state in the
union may acquire West Virginia thrifts on a reciprocal basis. The in state
institution must be at least three years old.

WISCONSIN: Since Jan. 1, 1987, savings and loans from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, and Ohio have been permitted to acquire
Wisconsin savings and loans. The legislation hinges on reciprocity.

WYOMING: Since May 22, 1987, savings and loans from any other state have been
permitted to acquire Wyoming thrifts. Passed early in 1987, the law was designed
as interstate legislation for banks, but thrifts are under the same rules. It
does not require reciprocity. It stipulates, however, that the charter of the
in-state institution being acquired must be at least three years old.
The American Banker

SECTION: TRIGGER DATES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 2570 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 American Banker, Inc.


                              222 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2017 The Financial Post Company
                        Financial Post Corporate Survey

                              Slate Retail REIT
                                 Ticker: SRT.UN

                              200-121 King St W
                           Toronto, ON,    M5H 3T9
                      (416) 644-4264    FAX:(416) 947-9366


CUSIP:        831022
SIC CODES:    6512  6798
EXCHANGE:     TSX
TYPE:         Industrial
INCORPORATED: Ontario, Jan. 18, 2012

COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
Acquires and owns grocery anchored shopping centres in secondary
markets in the United States.
The trust owns a portfolio of 70 grocery-anchored retail properties,
totaling over 8,400,000 sq. ft., in 21 U.S. states. The properties are
anchored by large, established retailers including Wal-Mart, Kroger,
Winn Dixie, Food Lion and Publix.
Transactions range in value from $2,000,000 to $30,000,000.
In August 2015, the company sold excess land at Fuquay Crossing
shopping centre in Raleigh, N.C. for US$3,800,000.
Recent Merger and Acquisition Activity
Announced: 2017-01-18
Status: pending
Slate Retail REIT agreed to acquire 11 Galleria, grocery-anchored
retail property in the greater area of Greenville, N.C., for
US$13,650,000.
Revised: 2017-01-11
Announced: 2016-12-07
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Norwin Town Square, a supermarket-anchored retail
property in the Pittsburgh, Penn., Metropolitan Statistical Area, for
US$18,925,000. The transaction was expected to close in the first
quarter of 2017.
Revised: 2016-12-14
Announced: 2016-10-27
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire North Hixson Marketplace, a supermarket-anchored
retail property in the greater Chattanooga, Tenn., area for
US$5,250,000. The transaction was expected to close in the fourth
quarter of 2016.
Revised: 2016-11-30
Announced: 2016-10-28
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Armstrong Plaza, a supermarket-anchored retail
property in the greater Greenville, S.C., area for US$5,250,000. The
transaction was expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Revised: 2016-11-21
Announced: 2016-10-21
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Robson Crossing, a 100,245-sq.-ft.
supermarket-anchored retail property in greater area of Atlanta, Ga.,
for US$11,000,000. The transaction was expected to close in the fourth
quarter of 2016.
Revised: 2016-11-14
Announced: 2016-10-14
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Mooresville Town Square, a grocery-anchored centre in
the greater Charlotte, N.C., area for US$16,700,000.
Revised: 2016-10-13
Announced: 2016-08-12
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Eastpointe Shopping Center, a 100%-occupied Kroger
anchored centre in the Morgantown, West Virginia Metropolitan
Statistical Area, for US$11,600,000.
Revised: 2016-08-08
Announced: 2016-07-26
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Taylorsville Town Center, a 97%-occupied Fresh Market
anchored centre in Taylorsville, Utah, for US$14,450,000.
Revised: 2016-07-20
Announced: 2016-06-27
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to sell a portfolio of five Food Lion anchored retail plazas in
Virginia (3), South Carolina and North Carolina for US$21,900,000.
Announced: 2016-06-29
Status: completed
Slate Retail REIT sold Ocean Plaza, a 66,498-sq.-ft. grocery-anchored
shopping centre in Myrtle Beach, S.C., for US$6,500,000.
Revised: 2016-06-29
Announced: 2016-06-16
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Sunset Plaza, a 100%-occupied Kroger anchored centre
in Johnson City, Tenn., for US$9,000,000.
Revised: 2016-06-03
Announced: 2016-05-02
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Flowers Plantation shopping centre in Raleigh, N.C.,
Metropolitan Statistical Area, anchored by a Food Lion grocery store,
for US$6,300,000.
Revised: 2016-05-19
Announced: 2016-05-16
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Abbott's Village, a 94%-occupied Publix anchored
centre in Alpharetta, Ga., for US$15,200,000.
Revised: 2016-03-30
Announced: 2016-03-18
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Charles Town Plaza, a grocery-anchored retail
property in Charles Town, W.Va., for US$20,900,000.
Announced: 2016-03-28
Status: completed
Slate Retail REIT sold Madison Centre in Madison, Ala., for
US$9,100,000.
Revised: 2015-12-17
Announced: 2015-12-04
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire North Branch Marketplace, a grocery anchored retail
property in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metropolitan Statistical Area of
Minnesota for US$20,900,000.
Revised: 2015-11-24
Announced: 2015-11-02
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Little River Pavilion, a grocery anchored retail
property in Little River, S.C., for US$10,100,000.
Revised: 2015-08-28
Announced: 2015-07-29
Status: completed
UPDATE: The transaction was completed. PREVIOUS: Slate Retail REIT
agreed to acquire Meres Town Centre in Tarpon Springs, Fla., anchored
by a Winn-Dixie grocery store, for US$7,600,000.

FISCAL YEAR END: 31

TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE: S&P/TSE COMPOSITE INDICATOR: No
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE CODE:    60101070
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE GROUP:   Retail REITs

FINANCIAL POST RANKINGS: SALES RANK:       781
ASSET RANK:       361
INCOME RANK: 427
INDUSTRY GROUP:  FP 500
YEAR RATED:      2016
FP 500:          Yes

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES: Wholly Owned Subsidiaries - Slate U.S. Opportunity (No.
1) Investment
L.P. holds 100% int. in Slate Retail GP Inc., Toronto, Ont., 100% int.
in Slate Retail One L.P., Del. holds 100% int. in Slate Retail Two
L.P., Del.

EXECUTIVES: Thomas F. (Tom) Farley
chair & Trustee, Palm Desert, Calif.
Brady Welch
chief financial officer & Trustee, Burlington, Ont.
Samuel Altman
Trustee, Montreal, Que.
Colum P. Bastable
Trustee, Toronto, Ont.
Patrick Flatley
Trustee, Etobicoke, Ont.
Peter Tesche
Trustee, Guelph, Ont.
Blair Welch
Trustee, Ancaster, Ont.
Greg Stevenson
chief executive officer

STOCK DATA: ............................    Authorized (shs.)Outstanding
(shs.)(1)
Class U Unit................            unlimited           32,225,000
Class A Unit................            unlimited              360,000
Class I Unit................            unlimited              322,000
Cl.B LP2 Unit...............            unlimited     1,747,000(2) (3)
Exch. LP Unit...............            unlimited           545,000(4)
Special Voting Unit.........            unlimited              545,000
Cl.B LP1 Unit...............            unlimited       220,000(2) (5)
(1) At Sept. 30, 2016
(2) Classified as debt.
(3) Slate Retail Two limited partnership units.
(4) U.S. Grocery-Anchored Retail (1B) limited partnership units.
Classified as non-controlling interest
(5) Slate Retail One limited partnership units.
Class U Unit - Entitled to monthly cash distributions targeted to be
US$0.0675 per unit. One vote per unit.
Class A Unit - Entitled to monthly cash distributions in an amount
equal to Canadian dollar equivalent of class U distribution multiplied
by 1.0078. Convertible at anytime into class U units on 1.0078-for-1
basis. One vote per unit.
Class I Unit - Entitled to monthly cash distributions in an amount
equal to class U distribution multiplied by 1.0554. Convertible at
anytime into class U units on 1.0554-for-1 basis. One vote per unit.
Class B Limited Partnership 1 Unit - Issued by Slate Retail One L.P.
Entitled to distributions equal to those provided to class U trust
units. Directly exchangeable into class U trust units on a 1-for-1
basis at any time by holder. Classified as financial liabilities under
IFRS.
Class B Limited Partnership 2 Unit - Issued by Slate Retail Two L.P.
Entitled to distributions equal to those provided to class U trust
units. Directly exchangeable into class U trust units on a 1-for-1
basis at any time by holder. Classified as financial liabilities under
IFRS.
Exchangeable Limited Partnership Unit - Issued by U.S. Grocery-Anchored
Retail (1B) Limited Partnership. Entitled to distributions equal to
those provided to class U trust units. Directly exchangeable into class
U trust units on a 1-for-1 basis at any time by holder. Classified as
non-controlling interest under IFRS.
Special Voting Unit - Issued to holders of exchangeable limited
partnership units of U.S. Grocery-Anchored Retail (1B) Limited
Partnership. Each special voting unit entitles the holder to a number
of votes at unitholder meetings equal to the number of trust units into
which the limited partnership units are exchangeable.
The company plans to make normal course purchases of up to 2,868,838
class U units representing 10% of the public float. The bid commenced
on May 26, 2016, and expires on May 25, 2017.

DIVIDENDS: SRT.UN cl U unit Ra US$0.81 pa M est. Oct. 15, 2016
Prev. Rate US$0.77868 est. Jan. 15, 2016
Prev. Rate US$0.756 est. Dec. 15, 2014
SRT.U cl U unit Ra US$0.81 pa M est. Oct. 15, 2016
Prev. Rate US$0.77868 est. Jan. 15, 2016
Prev. Rate US$0.756 est. Dec. 15, 2014

OWNERSHIP: Widely held at Mar. 21, 2016.

EARNINGS AND FINANCES: Periods ended:....................    12m Dec. 31/15
12m Dec. 31/14
..................................           US$000s           US$000s
Total revenue.....................            79,780            41,443
Investment income.................               366               222
Write-downs/write-offs............           (8,870)          (14,987)
Pre-tax income....................            18,394            43,030
Net income........................               465            25,555
Net inc. for equity hldrs.........               465            22,756
Net inc. for non-cont. int........               nil             2,799
Current assets....................            21,190            20,278
Income-producing props............           978,526           622,295
Property interests, net...........           978,526           622,295
Total assets......................         1,013,481           648,166
Current liabilities...............            13,323             7,687
Long-term debt, gross.............           909,803           576,801
Long-term debt, net...............           907,844           575,727
Shareholders' equity..............            21,797            21,332
Cash from oper. activs............            33,129             9,809
Cash from fin. activs.............           103,650           153,046
Cash from invest. activs..........         (138,098)         (160,643)
Net cash position.................            11,855            13,174
Capital expenditures..............           (3,690)           (1,306)
..................................               US$               US$
Earnings per share...............              n.a.              n.a.
Cash flow per share...............              1.16              0.58
Funds from opers. per sh..........              1.32              0.87
Adj. funds from opers. per sh.....              1.12              0.92
Cash divd. per share..............              0.76              0.52
Total divd. per share.............              0.76              0.52
..................................               shs               shs
No. of shs. o/s...................        28,511,000        16,875,000
..................................                 %                 %
Net profit margin.................              0.58             61.66
Return on equity..................              2.16              n.m.
Return on assets..................              0.10              7.23
 Cl.U Unit
Restated accounts shown for 2014-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2014-12-31.
HISTORICAL SUMMARY
Year End               Total Rev.      Net Inc. Bef. Disc.         EPS
                           US$000                   US$000          US$
2015                       79,780                      465         n.a.
2014                       41,443                   25,555         n.a.
2013                       12,569                      643         n.a.
 Cl.U Unit
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2014-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2013-12-31.

CURRENT FINANCIAL POSITION: Periods ended:....................    9m Sept. 30/16

    9m Sept. 30/15
..................................           US$000s           US$000s
Total revenue.....................            71,992            56,676
Net income........................          (16,674)             1,522
..................................               US$               US$
Earnings per share................              n.a.              n.a.
 Cl.U Unit
Restated accounts shown for 2015-09-30.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2016-09-30.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-09-30.

PRICING: Price Range
SRT.UN/TSX
Year                                 High            Low          Close
2016...                            $15.18          $12.6         $15.05
2015...                            $14.96          $11.9         $14.46
2014...                             $14.5         $10.61          $12.1

CAPITAL CHANGES: In January 2017, bought deal public offering of 5,209,500 class
U units
at Cdn$14.35 (US$10.89) per unit, including 679,500 class U units on
exercise of over-allotment option, and concurrent private placement of
350,000 class U units at Cdn$14.35 per unit were completed. Net
proceeds would be used to reduce indebtedness under the credit
facility.
In May 2016, 3,539,175 class U units were issued at Cdn$13.71
(U$$10.21) per unit pursuant to rights offering.
In March 2015, bought deal public offering of 4,125,000 class U units,
including 275,000 units on exercise of over-allotment option, and
private placement of 769,230 class U units all at Cdn$13 (US$10.47) per
unit were completed. In June 2015, 7,760,798 class U units and 225,251
class B limited partnership units of certain subsidiaries of the trust
were issued pursuant to the acquisition of Slate U.S. Opportunity (No.
3) Realty Trust. Also during 2015, 277,000 class U units were issued on
exchange of 138,000 class A units, 104,000 class U units were issued
under the dividend reinvestment plan, 1,273,000 class U units were
repurchased under a Normal Course Issuer Bid and 127,000 class U units
were redeemed.

AUDITOR: Deloitte LLP, Toronto, Ont.

LENGTH: 1288 words

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                              223 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                                August 19, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: Arch Capital, Carlyle, KBR;
Arch Capital acquires United Guaranty; Carlyle backs NetMotion; KBR purchases
Honeywell's cybersecurity unit

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3507  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
Post Properties           Mid-America          3,883.7          Mid-America
Inc                         Apartment                             Apartment
                      Communities Inc                       Communities Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                         to merge with Post
                                                         Properties Inc, an
                                                         Atlanta-based real
                                                          estate investment
                                                          trust, for $3.884
                                                        billion via a stock
                                                          swap transaction.
                                                           MAA offered 0.71
                                                          common shares per
                                                          PPS common share.
                                                             Based on MAA's
                                                        closing stock price
                                                           of $102.15 on 12
                                                           August 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                         announcement, each
                                                       PPS share was valued
                                                           at $72.527. Upon
                                                          completion of the
                                                          deal, MAA and PPS
                                                         would respectively
                                                        own 67.7% and 32.3%
                                                              of the merged
                                                        entity. Originally,
                                                        in August 2016, PPS
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                            capital of MAA.
United Guaranty    Arch Capital Group          3,425.0   Arch Capital Group
Corp                              Ltd                       Ltd of Bermuda,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of United Guaranty
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                        Greensboro-provider
                                                                of mortgage
                                                         insurance products
                                                         and services, from
                                                                   American
                                                        International Group
                                                       Inc for an estimated
                                                            total of $3.425
                                                               billion. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                          consist of around
                                                             $2.2 bil, $250
                                                        million in Arch new
                                                          preferred shares,
                                                        and $975 million in
                                                           Arch convertible
                                                          preferred shares.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                          August 2016, Arch
                                                          was rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                                       UGC.
G&K Services Inc          Cintas Corp          1,960.2          Cintas Corp
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to merge with G&K
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                           Minnetonka-based
                                                        provider of uniform
                                                         rental and washing
                                                       services, for $97.50
                                                       per share or a total
                                                          of $1.96 billion.
Sensus USA Inc              Xylem Inc          1,700.0            Xylem Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Sensus
                                                                 USA Inc, a
                                                              Raleigh-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                          metering systems,
                                                       from Sensus Metering
                                                        Systems Ltd, a unit
                                                           of The Jordan Co
                                                         LP's Resolute Fund
                                                         LP subsidiary, for
                                                          an estimated $1.7
                                                       billion. Originally,
                                                        in May 2016, Sensus
                                                          announced that it
                                                        was seeking a buyer
                                                           for the company.
Reliance Energy      Concho Resources          1,667.1 Concho Resources Inc
Inc-Certain Oil &                 Inc                   definitively agreed
Natural Gas                                              to acquire certain
Properties &                                              oil & natural gas
Related Assets                                         properties & related
                                                       assets from Reliance
                                                              Energy Inc, a
                                                          Midland-based oil
                                                        and gas exploration
                                                             and production
                                                            company, for an
                                                           estimated $1.667
                                                            billion. Concho
                                                        offered a choice of
                                                          $1.625 billion in
                                                             cash or $1.138
                                                        billion in cash and
                                                        3.96 million Concho
                                                              common shares
                                                        collectively valued
                                                       at $529.571 million.
                                                            The shares were
                                                            valued based on
                                                            Conco's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                       $133.73 on 12 August
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement.
RCN Corp               TPG Capital LP          1,600.0       TPG Capital LP
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire RCN Corp,
                                                          a Princeton-based
                                                          provider of cable
                                                        television, bundled
                                                         telephone and high
                                                             speed Internet
                                                        services, from ABRY
                                                           Partners LLC for
                                                         $1.6 billion via a
                                                           secondary buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                          Concurrently, TPG
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire Grande
                                                             Communications
                                                              Networks LLC.
                                                           Previously, ARBY
                                                              acquired RCN.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                       August 2016, TPG was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                                       RCN.
Cardinal Financial  United Bankshares            909.5    United Bankshares
Corp               Inc,Charleston,Wes                      Inc definitively
                           t Virginia                  agreed to merge with
                                                         Cardinal Financial
                                                       Corp, a Mclean-based
                                                               bank holding
                                                       company, via a stock
                                                           swap transaction
                                                          valued at $909.51
                                                              million. UBSI
                                                        offered 0.71 common
                                                            shares per CFNL
                                                        common share. Based
                                                          on UBSI's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                        $38.91 on 17 August
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                          the announcement,
                                                        each CFNL share was
                                                         valued at $27.626.
HeidelbergCement       Argos USA Corp            660.0    Argos USA Corp, a
AG-US Assets                                               unit of Cementos
                                                                  Argos SA,
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                          to acquire the US
                                                                  assets of
                                                       HeidelbergCement AG,
                                                         a Heidelberg-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                               construction
                                                         products, for $660
                                                       million. Originally,
                                                             in April 2016,
                                                       HeidelbergCement was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                             its US assets.
Grande                 TPG Capital LP            650.0       TPG Capital LP
Communications                                          definitively agreed
Networks LLC                                              to acquire Grande
                                                             Communications
                                                        Networks LLC, a San
                                                         Marcos-based wired
                                                         telecommunications
                                                         carrier, from ABRY
                                                           Partners LLC for
                                                         $650 million via a
                                                           secondary buyout
                                                               transaction.
                                                          Concurrently, TPG
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                       to acquire RCN Corp.
                                                        Previously, TPG was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                        Grande. Originally,
                                                              ABRY acquired
                                                                    Grande.
SunEdison             Globalwafers Co            508.4             Taiwan's
Semiconductor Ltd                 Ltd                  Globalwafers Co Ltd,
                                                                  a unit of
                                                              Sino-American
                                                           Silicon Products
                                                          Inc, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of SunEdison
                                                       Semiconductor Ltd, a
                                                           St. Peters-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         semiconductors and
                                                       related device, from
                                                          SunEdison Inc for
                                                         $12 per share or a
                                                          total of $508.432
                                                       million via a scheme
                                                            of arrangement.
Honeywell                     KBR Inc            300.0 KBR Inc definitively
Technology                                                agreed to acquire
Solutions Inc                                          Honeywell Technology
                                                           Solutions Inc, a
                                                             Columbia-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                engineering
                                                             services, from
                                                                  Honeywell
                                                          International Inc
                                                           for an estimated
                                                              $300 million.
Gawker Media LLC   Univision Holdings            135.0   Univision Holdings
                                  Inc                         Inc agreed to
                                                             acquire Gawker
                                                               Media, a New
                                                          York-based online
                                                        media services, for
                                                          an estimated $135
                                                       million. Originally,
                                                           Gawker Media was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                         seeking a buyer in
                                                                  May 2016.
Providence &        Genesee & Wyoming            122.3    Genesee & Wyoming
Worcester Railroad                Inc                      Inc definitively
Co                                                        agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                                 capital of
                                                               Providence &
                                                         Worcester Railroad
                                                       Co for $25 per share
                                                              or a total of
                                                              $122.283 mil.
Tanger                 Tanger Factory             15.0       Tanger Factory
Outlets,Savannah,G Outlet Centers Inc                    Outlet Centers Inc
eorgia                                                         acquired the
                                                              remaining 50%
                                                        interest it did not
                                                             already own in
                                                             Tanger Outlets
                                                        Savannah, an outlet
                                                           mall in Georgia,
                                                             from its joint
                                                        venture partner Ben
                                                         Carter Enterprises
                                                       LLC for $15 million.
Philosophy IB LLP          Heidrick &             14.0 Heidrick & Struggles
                            Struggles                     International Inc
                    International Inc                     agreed to acquire
                                                       Philosophy IB LLP, a
                                                         Florham Park-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             administrative
                                                             management and
                                                         general management
                                                       consulting services,
                                                       for an estimated $14
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                              consist of $6
                                                       million and up to $8
                                                                 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Fletcher's Fine         Hempler Foods              5.0  Hempler Foods Group
Foods Inc                   Group LLC                        LLC, a unit of
                                                             Premium Brands
                                                             Holdings Corp,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                            Fletcher's Fine
                                                              Foods Inc, an
                                                               Auburn-based
                                                         producer of smoked
                                                         meat products, for
                                                            an estimated $5
                                                                   million.
Ajillus Inc         Agile Network LLC                     Agile Network LLC
                                                            entered into an
                                                       agreement to acquire
                                                             Ajillus Inc, a
                                                              Seattle-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       logistics consulting
                                                                  services.
Indigo Apartment            Apartment                  Apartment Investment
Homes in Redwood         Investment &                       & Management Co
City                    Management Co                   acquired the Indigo
                                                         Apartment Homes in
                                                        Redwood City. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                       matter, the deal was
                                                         valued around $320
                                                                   million.
Starboard                    Architec                   Architec Housewares
Collection                 Housewares                    acquired Starboard
                                                        Collection, a South
                                                           Burlington-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           dining-on-the-go
                                                           serving products
                                                                  made from
                                                            break-resistant
                                                                    plastic
                                                             polypropylene.
Madeira Housewares           Architec                   Architec Housewares
                           Housewares                      acquired Madeira
                                                              Housewares, a
                                                         Jupiter-based firm
                                                        specializing in the
                                                            manufacture and
                                                            distribution of
                                                            plantation teak
                                                            cutting boards.
SAMsix                      Arcos Inc                  Arcos Inc, a unit of
                                                              Riverside Co,
                                                         acquired SAMsix, a
                                                            New Paltz-based
                                                        software publisher.
KMJ International     Athos Group LLC                       Athos Group LLC
Inc                                                    plans to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of KMJ International
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Edmonds-based
                                                           retailer of home
                                                                 repair and
                                                                improvement
                                                              materials and
                                                                  supplies.
Warehouse &             Bixby Land Co                         Bixby Land Co
Distribution                                           acquired a warehouse
Building                                                   and distribution
                                                            building in San
                                                          Bernardino. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                       matter, the deal was
                                                           valued at around
                                                             $10.2 million.
Davalor Mold Corp   Blackford Capital                     Blackford Capital
                                  LLC                  LLC acquired Davalor
                                                               Mold Corp, a
                                                         Chesterfield-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         plastics products,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
SDI Camps & Races    Blue Star Sports                      Blue Star Sports
LLC                                                    acquired SDI Camps &
                                                               Races LLC, a
                                                            Lafayette-based
                                                           recreational and
                                                              vacation camp
                                                                  operator.
Lamborghini North      Boardwalk Auto                  Boardwalk Auto Group
Los Angeles                     Group                  acquired Lamborghini
                                                       North Los Angeles, a
                                                          Los Angeles-based
                                                            new car dealer.
Sand Sports Super        Bonnier Corp                          Bonnier Corp
Show                                                   acquired Sand Sports
                                                              Super Show, a
                                                             Torrance-based
                                                               sports club.
Global Frozen      BT-Twiss Transport                    BT-Twiss Transport
Trucking Inc                      LLC                  LLC plans to acquire
                                                              Global Frozen
                                                            Trucking Inc, a
                                                        Pinellas Park-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        specialized freight
                                                         trucking services.
Dojo Labs Inc           BullGuard Ltd                  BullGuard Ltd of the
                                                           UK acquired Dojo
                                                           Labs Inc, a Palo
                                                        Alto-based provider
                                                        of computer related
                                                                  services.
KFS Inc                      Business                              Business
                   Intelligence Group                    Intelligence Group
                                                        acquired KFS Inc, a
                                                          Forth Worth-based
                                                                provider of
                                                        logistics services,
                                                            from SCL Group.
Longhorn Paper           Cascades Inc                       Cascades Inc of
Converting                                               Canada acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                       interest in Longhorn
                                                        Paper Converting, a
                                                        Grand Prairie-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             paper industry
                                                           machinery. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Breensmith                  Chemistry                             Chemistry
Advertising        Communications Inc                    Communications Inc
                                                        acquired Breensmith
                                                         Advertising, a New
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                        advertising agency.
Honest Cooking        Content Checked                       Content Checked
Media Co                 Holdings Inc                       Holdings Inc of
                                                             China acquired
                                                       Honest Cooking Media
                                                                  Co, a Los
                                                              Angeles-based
                                                            internet portal
                                                                  operator.
Professional       Cosmic Forward Ltd                    Cosmic Forward Ltd
Diversity Network                                       of Seychelles plans
Inc                                                        to acquire a 51%
                                                                interest in
                                                               Professional
                                                          Diversity Network
                                                       Inc, a Chicago-based
                                                           provider of data
                                                             processing and
                                                          hosting services.
HDIS Inc                  Domtar Corp                        Domtar Corp of
                                                           Canada agreed to
                                                       acquire HDIS Inc, an
                                                             Olivette-based
                                                            wholesale trade
                                                                     agent.
Swift River Co            Eagle Creek                           Eagle Creek
                     Renewable Energy                      Renewable Energy
                                  LLC                        LLC, a unit of
                                                        Hudson Clean Energy
                                                               Partners LP,
                                                       acquired Swift River
                                                       Co, a Hamilton-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         heating equipment.
Paul Davis of       FirstService Corp                  FirstService Corp of
Fairfield &                                            Canada acquired Paul
Westchester                                            Davis of Fairfield &
Counties                                                        Westchester
                                                                Counties, a
                                                           Ridgefield-based
                                                                residential
                                                           remodeler. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
Conspire              FullContact Inc                       FullContact Inc
                                                       acquired Conspire, a
                                                              Boulder-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
Smile Brands Group  Gryphon Investors                     Gryphon Investors
Inc                               Inc                    Inc acquired Smile
                                                       Brands Group Inc, an
                                                               Irvine-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          ambulatory health
                                                        care services, from
                                                               Welsh Carson
                                                       Anderson & Stowe via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Multivista Systems         Hexagon AB                  Hexagon AB of Sweden
LLC                                                     acquired Multivista
                                                             Systems LLC, a
                                                              Phoenix-based
                                                                provider of
                                                               professional
                                                                  services.
Risk Parnters Inc    Holman Insurance                      Holman Insurance
                         Services LLC                          Services LLC
                                                              acquired Risk
                                                            Parnters Inc, a
                                                              Medford-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          insurance related
                                                                  services.
Stebbins-Duffy Inc    HTS New England                       HTS New England
                                                       plans to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                          of Stebbins-Duffy
                                                       Inc, a Peabody-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           air-conditioning
                                                                 equipment.
ResponseLogic            iAnalyst Inc                          iAnalyst Inc
                                                                   acquired
                                                          ResponseLogic, an
                                                              Ashland-based
                                                              reproducer of
                                                                  software.
CyberCare Health          iGambit Inc                  iGambit Inc signed a
Network LLC-                                           letter of intent to
certain assets                                              acquire certain
                                                                assets from
                                                           CyberCare Health
                                                        Network LLC, a Palm
                                                        Beach Gardens-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           advanced patient
                                                                 monitoring
                                                                 equipment.
Southern           Installed Building                    Installed Building
Insulators &             Products Inc                          Products Inc
Specialties LLC                                           acquired Southern
                                                               Insulators &
                                                         Specialties LLC, a
                                                           Mandeville-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 glassware.
Integrated                 Integrated                            Integrated
Dermatology of      Dermatology Group                     Dermatology Group
Coral Gables LLC                                        acquired Integrated
                                                       Dermatology of Coral
                                                        Gables LLC, a Coral
                                                               Gables-based
                                                         physician's office
                                                                  operator.
AcuteCare              InTouch Health                        InTouch Health
Telemedicine                                             acquired AcuteCare
                                                           Telemedicine, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                         hospital operator.
Constellis             Investor Group                      A management-led
Holdings Inc                                                 investor group
                                                        comprised of Apollo
                                                          Global Management
                                                         LLC, Forte Capital
                                                               Advisors and
                                                         Manhattan Partners
                                                       LP, plans to acquire
                                                        Constellis Holdings
                                                        Inc, a Reston-based
                                                       provider of security
                                                           guard and patrol
                                                       services, from Forte
                                                       Capital Advisors and
                                                         Manhattan Partners
                                                         LP via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                       the deal is expected
                                                            to be valued at
                                                         around $1 billion.
YES Communities        Investor Group                    An investor group,
Inc                                                            comprised of
                                                                  Singapore
                                                        state-owned GIC Pte
                                                                 Ltd and an
                                                                undisclosed
                                                              institutional
                                                       investor, acquired a
                                                        71% interest in YES
                                                         Communities Inc, a
                                                         Denver-based owner
                                                            and operator of
                                                          manufactured home
                                                          communities, from
                                                        Stockbridge Capital
                                                        Group LLC and other
                                                                undisclosed
                                                        shareholders. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed.
                                                        Originally, GIC was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                                       YES.
Office                 Investor Group                     An investor group
Building,Plainsbor                                        comprised of Hana
o,NJ                                                    Asset Management Co
                                                        Ltd, a unit of Hana
                                                        Asset Trust Co Ltd,
                                                              acquired Novo
                                                       Nordisk Inc.'s North
                                                                   American
                                                        headquarters in New
                                                              Jersey from a
                                                             venture of Ivy
                                                         Equities LLC, LCOR
                                                                   Inc. and
                                                           Intercontinental
                                                          Real Estate Corp.
                                                               The property
                                                             comprises nine
                                                       buildings sited on a
                                                        58-acre land. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                       matter, the deal was
                                                         valued around $305
                                                                   million.
RCL Benziger             Kendall Hunt                          Kendall Hunt
                   Publishing Company                    Publishing Company
                                                       plans to acquire RCL
                                                                Benziger, a
                                                           Cincinnati-based
                                                            book publisher.
Praxair Inc                  Linde AG                   Linde AG of Germany
                                                           is rumored to be
                                                        planning to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                         capital of Praxair
                                                       Inc, a Danbury-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            industrial gas.
Consolidated        Lineage Logistics                     Lineage Logistics
Distribution Corp        Holdings LLC                          Holdings LLC
                                                                   acquired
                                                               Consolidated
                                                       Distribution Corp, a
                                                               Lemont-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
Maternal Fetal            Mednax Inc.                   Mednax Inc acquired
Medicine of                                                  Maternal Fetal
Southwest Florida                                               Medicine of
PA                                                     Southwest Florida, a
                                                       Port Charlotte-based
                                                            family planning
                                                            center operator
                                                        focused on maternal
                                                        and fetal medicine.
CLT Logistics                 Meritex                   Meritex Enterprises
Center                Enterprises Inc                      Inc acquired CLT
                                                        Logistics Center in
                                                                 Charlotte.
ON Light Sciences  Merz North America                   Merz North America,
Inc                                                          a unit of Merz
                                                           Pharma GmbH & Co
                                                          KGaA, acquired ON
                                                        Light Sciences Inc,
                                                             a Dublin-based
                                                          medical equipment
                                                               and supplies
                                                       merchant wholesaler.
Beam                   Microsoft Corp                        Microsoft Corp
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                                    Beam, a
                                                              Seattle-based
                                                           provider of live
                                                             video platform
                                                                  services.
The Car Wash Barn     Mister Car Wash                  Mister Car Wash Inc,
                                  Inc                       a unit of ONCAP
                                                        Management Partners
                                                       LP, acquired The Car
                                                               Wash Barn, a
                                                          Killeen-based car
                                                             wash operator.
Phillips-Medisize           Molex LLC                  Molex Inc, a unit of
Corp                                                   Koch Industries Inc,
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                          Phillips-Medisize
                                                       Corp, a Hudson-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                         plastics products.
Terrace Park        Montecito Medical                     Montecito Medical
Professional            Investment Co                         Investment Co
Center                                                     acquired Terrace
                                                          Park Professional
                                                                  Center, a
                                                        three-story medical
                                                         office building in
                                                                Bettendorf.
Aegis Wealth       National Financial                    National Financial
Partners                      Network                      Network acquired
                                                               Aegis Wealth
                                                                Partners, a
                                                              Madison-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
Geiss, Destin &        Perrigo Co PLC                     Perrigo Co PLC of
Dunn Inc                                                Republic of Ireland
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                         Geiss, a Peachtree
                                                                 City-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       over-the-counter and
                                                               prescription
                                                           pharmaceuticals.
Ash Stevens Inc               Piramal                   Piramal Enterprises
                      Enterprises Ltd                    Ltd of India plans
                                                             to acquire Ash
                                                             Stevens Inc, a
                                                            Riverview-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                         preparation. Terms
                                                        were not disclosed,
                                                           but according to
                                                       sources close to the
                                                        matter, the deal is
                                                             expected to be
                                                           valued at around
                                                            $42.95 million.
BLEgroup            Public Consulting                     Public Consulting
                            Group Inc                    Group Inc acquired
                                                       BLEgroup, a provider
                                                              of management
                                                       consulting services.
ERTH Products LLC             Q2Power                  Q2Power Technologies
                     Technologies Inc                   Inc signed a letter
                                                       of intent to acquire
                                                       ERTH Products LLC, a
                                                               Tyrone-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                           fertilizers. The
                                                          transaction would
                                                        include Exceptional
                                                              Products Inc.
Sobb Roberts Inc          Rehmann LLC                   Rehmann LLC, a unit
                                                         of Parker Wittus &
                                                           Co PLC, plans to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                        Sobb Roberts Inc, a
                                                               Toledo-based
                                                           certified public
                                                       accountant's office.
Aquatrove                      Sasmar                                Sasmar
Biosciences Inc       Pharmaceuticals                  Pharmaceuticals SPRL
                                 SPRL                   of Belgium acquired
                                                           the entire share
                                                       capital of Aquatrove
                                                         Biosciences Inc, a
                                                              Chicago-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       biological products.
The Resultants Inc        Sensiba San                   Sensiba San Filippo
                          Filippo LLP                      LLP acquired The
                                                          Resultants Inc, a
                                                            Sunnyvale-based
                                                                provider of
                                                             administrative
                                                             management and
                                                         general management
                                                       consulting services.
Eastpointe          Slate Retail REIT                  Slate Retail REIT of
Shopping Center                                             Canada plans to
                                                                acquire the
                                                        Eastpointe Shopping
                                                                  Center in
                                                       Morgantown. The deal
                                                          is expected to be
                                                            valued at $11.6
                                                                   million.
NFC Global             Spectrum-i LLC                        Spectrum-i LLC
                                                       acquired NFC Global,
                                                            a Horsham-based
                                                           provider of data
                                                             processing and
                                                          hosting services.
Edwards & Zuck            Stantec Inc                        Stantec Inc of
Consulting                                                  Canada plans to
Engineers DPC                                             acquire Edwards &
                                                            Zuck Consulting
                                                       Engineers DPC, a New
                                                        York-based provider
                                                             of engineering
                                                                  services.
Metropolitan            Surgical Care                         Surgical Care
Medical Partners       Affiliates Inc                        Affiliates Inc
LLC                                                             acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                                interest in
                                                       Metropolitan Medical
                                                            Partners LLC, a
                                                          Chevy Chase-based
                                                         hospital operator.
Mobilitat           Syncromatics Corp                  Syncromatics Corp, a
                                                              unit of Grupo
                                                              Tecnologico e
                                                         Industrial GMV SA,
                                                        acquired Mobilitat,
                                                        a Green River-based
                                                       software reproducer.
Entaire Global      Synovus Financial                     Synovus Financial
Companies Inc                    Corp                         Corp plans to
                                                            acquire Entaire
                                                           Global Companies
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                                provider of
                                                          insurance related
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                       the deal is expected
                                                            to be valued at
                                                        around $30 million.
January Co            Tall Tree Foods                       Tall Tree Foods
                         Holdings Inc                  Holdings Inc, a unit
                                                        of Altamont Capital
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                       acquired January Co,
                                                          a Kent-based meat
                                                       byproduct processor.
Sandwich Isle Pest           Terminix                              Terminix
Solutions            International Co                  International Co LP,
                                   LP                             a unit of
                                                       Servicemaster Global
                                                              Holdings Inc,
                                                          acquired Sandwich
                                                       Isle Pest Solutions,
                                                         a Pearl City-based
                                                           pest and termite
                                                          control provider.
TGM Bay Isle        TGM Associates LP                     TGM Associates LP
                                                           acquired TGM Bay
                                                       Isle, a garden style
                                                        apartment community
                                                             with 582 units
                                                           located in Saint
                                                       Petersburg, Florida.
Provident Trust    The Beneficient Co                    The Beneficient Co
Group LLC                          LP                   LP plans to acquire
                                                            Provident Trust
                                                               Group, a Las
                                                       Vegas-based provider
                                                               of financial
                                                       investment services.
                                                         The transaction is
                                                                 subject to
                                                       regulatory approval.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
NetMotion Wireless  The Carlyle Group                  Via leveraged buyout
Inc                               LLC                      transaction, the
                                                         Carlyle Group LP's
                                                           unit The Carlyle
                                                         Group LLC plans to
                                                          acquire NetMotion
                                                            Wireless Inc, a
                                                              Seattle-based
                                                        software publisher,
                                                             from Clearlake
                                                          Capital Group LP,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                          Reservoir Capital
                                                                 Group LLC.
AMPIRIX                   The Combine                  The Combine acquired
                                                                AMPIRIX, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
DPM Fragrance              Thymes LLC                   Thymes LLC acquired
                                                           the entire share
                                                             capital of DPM
                                                               Fragrance, a
                                                           Starkville-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       toilet preparations.
Arpin Van Lines              Tier One                   Tier One Relocation
Inc-Military           Relocation LLC                        LLC, a unit of
Division                                                 Southfield Capital
                                                              Advisors LLC,
                                                               acquired the
                                                       military division of
                                                       Arpin Van Lines Inc,
                                                       a West Warwick-based
                                                                provider of
                                                            household goods
                                                         moving and storage
                                                        services and a unit
                                                        of Arpin Group Inc.
Valley Insulation       TopBuild Corp                      TopBuild Corp, a
Inc                                                     unit of Masco Corp,
                                                            acquired Valley
                                                          Insulation Inc, a
                                                           Waynesboro-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 insulation
                                                                contracting
                                                                  services.
Texas Family         Topspin Partners                      Topspin Partners
Fitness LLC                                                     acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                          interest in Texas
                                                        Family Fitness LLC,
                                                             a Frisco-based
                                                                fitness and
                                                        recreational sports
                                                       center operator, via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Digithrive Inc             TPT Global                            TPT Global
                       Technology Inc                        Technology Inc
                                                        acquired Digithrive
                                                                 Inc, a Los
                                                       Angeles-based mobile
                                                       application software
                                                                 developer.
Curse Inc          Twitch Interactive                    Twitch Interactive
                                  Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                            Amazon.com Inc,
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                               Curse Inc, a
                                                           Huntsville-based
                                                         provider of online
                                                             gaming support
                                                                  services.
Image Design                   United                                United
Solutions LLC      Subcontractors Inc                   Subcontractors Inc,
                                                       a unit of Wind Point
                                                         Partners, acquired
                                                               Image Design
                                                           Solutions LLC, a
                                                         Bloomingdale-based
                                                         building materials
                                                                    dealer.
Desert View          Universal Health                      Universal Health
Hospital                 Services Inc                          Services Inc
                                                        acquired the Desert
                                                           View Hospital in
                                                           Pahrump, Nevada.
JD Holdings Inc    VanSpar Mining Inc                        British Virgin
                                                           Islands' VanSpar
                                                         Mining Inc, a unit
                                                                 of Sparton
                                                              International
                                                       Resources Inc, plans
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of JD Holdings Inc,
                                                              a provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                       services. Terms were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                       the deal is expected
                                                       to be valued at $3.3
                                                                   million.
Park Central I              Watermark                   Watermark Community
office building in   Community Church                   Church acquired the
Dallas, Texas                                              eight-story Park
                                                           Central I office
                                                         building in Dallas
                                                        from Hartman Income
                                                       REIT Management Inc,
                                                         Houston-based real
                                                           estate investor.
Nature's Pearl             Youngevity                            Youngevity
Corp                International Inc                     International Inc
                                                             entered into a
                                                       definitive agreement
                                                        to acquire Nature's
                                                             Pearl Corp, an
                                                              Advance-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                           direct seller of
                                                            Muscadine Grape
                                                                  products.
CD Diagnostic Inc       Zimmer Biomet                         Zimmer Biomet
                         Holdings Inc                          Holdings Inc
                                                                acquired CD
                                                          Diagnostic Inc, a
                                                             Claymont-based
                                                        diagnostics company
                                                              that develops
                                                           immunoassays for
                                                            joint diseases.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
US M&A Deals
Announced August
12 to August 18,
2016
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           mergersandacquisitions.com

                                 June 24, 2016

The Weekly Wrap: Liberty Hall, Teasdale, Thoma Bravo;
Liberty Hall acquires J&M Machine; Snow Phipps-backed Teasdale adds Mesa Foods;
Thoma Bravo buys Bomgar

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 3694  words


Target                       Acquirer            Value             Synopsis
                                           ($millions)
SolarCity Corp       Tesla Motors Inc          2,884.6     Tesla Motors Inc
                                                         plans to launch an
                                                       unsolicited offer to
                                                         acquire the entire
                                                           share capital of
                                                          SolarCity Corp, a
                                                            San Mateo-based
                                                          provider of solar
                                                        energy installation
                                                            services, via a
                                                                 stock swap
                                                        transaction, valued
                                                            at an estimated
                                                            $2.885 billion.
                                                        Tesla offered 0.131
                                                           common share for
                                                            every SolarCity
                                                       share held. Based on
                                                            Tesla's closing
                                                             stock price of
                                                          $219.7 on 20 June
                                                        2016, the last full
                                                       trading day prior to
                                                           the annoucement,
                                                       each SolarCity share
                                                              was valued at
                                                                   $28.781.
Payrock Energy LLC  Marathon Oil Corp            888.0    Marathon Oil Corp
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                        Payrock Energy LLC,
                                                          an Oklahoma-based
                                                          producer of crude
                                                              petroleum and
                                                          natural gas, from
                                                       EnCap Investments LP
                                                          for $888 million.
HP Inc-Customer         OpenText Corp            315.0     OpenText Corp of
Communications                                          Canada definitively
Management Assets                                         agreed to acquire
                                                               the customer
                                                             communications
                                                       management assets of
                                                             HP Inc, a Palo
                                                                 Alto-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                              computers and
                                                                 electronic
                                                          equipment, for an
                                                             estimated $315
                                                                   million.
American Science &    OSI Systems Inc            264.1      OSI Systems Inc
Engineering Inc                                         definitively agreed
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of American Science
                                                       & Engineering Inc, a
                                                            Billerica-based
                                                               designer and
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                specialized
                                                         electronic systems
                                                        and components, for
                                                         $37 per share or a
                                                           total of $264.11
                                                                   million.
Tower Cloud Inc        Communications            230.7 Communications Sales
                      Sales & Leasing                         & Leasing Inc
                                  Inc                   definitively agreed
                                                           to acquire Tower
                                                           Cloud Inc, a St.
                                                           Petersburg-based
                                                                   wireless
                                                         telecommunications
                                                       carrier, for $230.73
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                            consist of $180
                                                            million and 1.9
                                                             million common
                                                        shares collectively
                                                           valued at $50.73
                                                        million. The shares
                                                       were valued based on
                                                         CS&L closing stock
                                                         price of $26.70 on
                                                          16 June 2016, the
                                                          last full trading
                                                           day prior to the
                                                              announcement.
Arkansas           Kindred Healthcare             39.0   Kindred Healthcare
Department of                     Inc                      Inc definitively
Health- in-home                                           agreed to acquire
health care                                              the in-home health
operations                                               care operations of
                                                        Arkansas Department
                                                        of Health, a Little
                                                                 Rock-based
                                                          government public
                                                                     health
                                                         establishment, for
                                                           an estimated $39
                                                                   million.
Capstone                 Spectris PLC             22.5  Spectris PLC of the
Technology Corp                                        UK acquired Capstone
                                                         Technology Corp, a
                                                            Vancouver-based
                                                       provider of software
                                                       solutions, for $22.5
                                                                   million.
Mishawaka Sheet    Patrick Industries             14.0   Patrick Industries
Metal LLC                         Inc                          Inc acquired
                                                            Mishawaka Sheet
                                                              Metal LLC, an
                                                              Elkhart-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 fabricated
                                                           structural metal
                                                          products, for $14
                                                                   million.
Itaconix Corp           Revolymer Plc             13.0 Revolymer Plc of the
                                                       UK agreed to acquire
                                                           the entire share
                                                        capital of Itaconix
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                             Stratham-based
                                                        chemical and allied
                                                          products merchant
                                                        wholesaler, for $13
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                              consist of $6
                                                                 million in
                                                             profit-related
                                                       payments, $4 million
                                                            in new ordinary
                                                              shares and $3
                                                           million in cash.
Idaho Western Inc    Universal Forest             11.5     Universal Forest
                         Products Inc                         Products Inc,
                                                         through one of its
                                                        subsidiaries, plans
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                           of Idaho Western
                                                         Inc, a Nampa-based
                                                          millwork merchant
                                                            wholesaler, for
                                                             $11.5 million.
Ceres Inc            Land O'Lakes Inc              9.8     Land O'Lakes Inc
                                                        definitively agreed
                                                        to merge with Ceres
                                                            Inc, a Thousand
                                                                 Oaks-based
                                                               agricultural
                                                              biotechnology
                                                         company, for $0.40
                                                       per share or a total
                                                          of $9.804 million
                                                        via a tender offer.
                                                              The offer was
                                                        conditional upon at
                                                        least 50% of Ceres'
                                                               shares being
                                                                  tendered.
Color Optics Inc   Phoenix Color Corp              7.0         ALJ Regional
                                                        Holdings Inc's unit
                                                         Phoenix Color Corp
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                        Color Optics Inc, a
                                                         Saddle Brook-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 commercial
                                                               flexographic
                                                         printing services,
                                                        for $7 million from
                                                          AKI Inc, owned by
                                                                   Bioplan.
DGSE Cos Inc           Investor Group              6.3   An investor group,
                                                           comprised of NTR
                                                             Metals LLC and
                                                       Elemetal LLC, agreed
                                                              to pay $6.326
                                                         million to acquire
                                                             an undisclosed
                                                       majority interest in
                                                            DGSE Cos Inc, a
                                                               Dallas-based
                                                               retailer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                         jewelry, diamonds,
                                                              fine watches,
                                                             precious metal
                                                           bullion and rare
                                                                     coins.
Simutronics Corp     Stillfront Group              2.7  Stillfront Group AB
                                   AB                    of Sweden plans to
                                                           acquire a 52.65%
                                                                interest in
                                                        Simutronics Corp, a
                                                            St. Louis-based
                                                            gaming software
                                                          developer, for an
                                                           estimated $2.743
                                                               million. The
                                                        consideration would
                                                          consist of $0.788
                                                           million in cash,
                                                           $0.15 million in
                                                       ordinary shares, and
                                                       up to $1.805 million
                                                          in profit-related
                                                                  payments.
Deltide Energy        Abrado Wellbore                       Abrado Wellbore
Services LLC             Services Inc                          Services Inc
                                                           acquired Deltide
                                                       Energy Services LLC,
                                                             a Harvey-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            accessories for
                                                          cutting and metal
                                                            forming machine
                                                                     tools.
Maglan Capital LP       Accenture PLC                    ISRAEL - Accenture
                                                       PLC's unit Accenture
                                                             Ltd of Bermuda
                                                         acquired Maglan, a
                                                       provider of security
                                                          systems services.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
Aggregated             Acquired Sales                   Acquired Sales Corp
Marketing Platform               Corp                    signed a letter of
Inc                                                       intent to acquire
                                                       Aggregated Marketing
                                                            Platform Inc, a
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                         signed a letter of
                                                          intent to acquire
                                                           Processing for a
                                                                 Cause Inc.
Processing For A       Acquired Sales                   Acquired Sales Corp
Cause Inc                        Corp                    signed a letter of
                                                          intent to acquire
                                                           Processing For A
                                                              Cause Inc, an
                                                           Alpharetta-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       marketing consulting
                                                                  services.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                         signed a letter of
                                                          intent to acquire
                                                       Aggregated Marketing
                                                              Platform Inc.
Hilton Garden Inn       Arbor Lodging                         Arbor Lodging
Oakland,California       Partners LLC                          Partners LLC
                                                            acquired Hilton
                                                        Garden Inn Oakland.
EnerG2 Inc               BASF Venture                  BASF Venture Capital
                      Capital America                   America Inc, a unit
                                  Inc                       of BASF Venture
                                                              Capital GmbH,
                                                       acquired EnerG2 Inc,
                                                            a Seattle-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                            advanced carbon
                                                              materials for
                                                            next-generation
                                                             energy storage
                                                                   devices.
FalconX                   BaySand Inc                  BaySand Inc acquired
Accelerator Inc                                         FalconX Accelerator
                                                           Inc, an electric
                                                         power distributor.
Motivity Solutions       Black Knight                          Black Knight
Inc                Financial Services                    Financial Services
                                  Inc                        Inc, a unit of
                                                          Fidelity National
                                                             Financial Inc,
                                                          acquired Motivity
                                                           Solutions Inc, a
                                                               Denver-based
                                                        software publisher.
XyberNET Inc           Blue Hill Data                        Blue Hill Data
                         Services Inc                  Services Inc, a unit
                                                          of BPO Management
                                                              Services Inc,
                                                          acquired XyberNET
                                                                 Inc, a San
                                                       Diego-based software
                                                                reproducer.
G-Force Shipping      BlueGrace Group                   BlueGrace Group LLC
                                  LLC                      acquired G-Force
                                                          Shipping, a North
                                                               Quincy-based
                                                                provider of
                                                              long-distance
                                                           freight trucking
                                                                  services.
Mckinstrry FMS LLC  Brookfield Global                   Brookfield Business
                           Integrated                    Partners LP's unit
                     Solutions Canada                     Brookfield Global
                                   LP                  Integrated Solutions
                                                        Canada LP of Canada
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                       Mckinstry FMS LLC, a
                                                               Dallas-based
                                                           provider of land
                                                                subdivision
                                                             services, from
                                                              McKinstry Co.
K Factor            Capone Strategies                     Capone Strategies
Enterprises                       Inc                      Inc acquired the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                                of K Factor
                                                            Enterprises, an
                                                        advertising agency.
CAPS Payroll              Cast & Crew                           Silver Lake
                        Entertainment                   Partners' unit Cast
                         Services LLC                  & Crew Entertainment
                                                         Services LLC plans
                                                            to acquire CAPS
                                                          Payroll, a Culver
                                                                 City-based
                                                            performing arts
                                                                   company.
Autism Behavioral   Center for Autism                   Center for Autism &
Consulting                  & Related                     Related Disorders
                        Disorders Inc                   Inc acquired Autism
                                                                 Behavioral
                                                              Consulting, a
                                                            Vancouver-based
                                                        operator of offices
                                                          for mental health
                                                             practitioners.
McKesson            Change Healthcare                    Blackstone Capital
Information              Holdings Inc                      Partners VI LP's
Solutions LLC                                                   unit Change
                                                        Healthcare Holdings
                                                         Inc was rumored to
                                                       be planning to merge
                                                       with McKesson Corp's
                                                              unit McKesson
                                                                Information
                                                          Solutions LLC, an
                                                           Alpharetta-based
                                                               developer of
                                                                 healthcare
                                                                information
                                                       technology software.
Abbey Merger Sub    Changsha Sinocare                     Changsha Sinocare
Inc                 Health Management                  Health Management Co
                               Co Ltd                       Ltd of China, a
                                                       73.51%-owned unit of
                                                        Sinocare Inc, plans
                                                             to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                        of Abbey Merger Sub
                                                         Inc, a provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                             services, from
                                                        Sinocare Inc via an
                                                                   internal
                                                            reorganization.
Kirkland Seed Inc.      Chromatin Inc                         Chromatin Inc
                                                          acquired Kirkland
                                                                Seed Inc, a
                                                       Vega-based grain and
                                                        field bean merchant
                                                                wholesaler.
Epiphany                   CI Capital                   CI Capital Partners
Dermatology PA           Partners LLC                       LLC acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                       interest in Epiphany
                                                          Dermatology PA, a
                                                                 Waco-based
                                                       dermatology and skin
                                                           care physician's
                                                       office operator, via
                                                         a leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
AppealTrack               Corporation                   Corporation Service
                       Service Co Inc                       Co Inc acquired
                                                             AppealTrack, a
                                                            provider of tax
                                                                preparation
                                                                  services.
Crius Energy LLC   Crius Energy Trust                    Crius Energy Trust
                                                         of Canada acquired
                                                        the remaining 56.9%
                                                        interest it did not
                                                       already own in Crius
                                                              Energy LLC, a
                                                             Stamford-based
                                                                natural gas
                                                               distributor.
Dell Inc-Dell           Dell Software                   Dell Software Group
Software Group              Group SPV                        SPV, which was
                                                        formed by Francisco
                                                            Partners LP and
                                                         Elliott Management
                                                         Corp, definitively
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                          the Dell Software
                                                          Group of Dell Inc
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
                                                        Originally, on June
                                                             2016, Dell was
                                                              rumored to be
                                                        seeking a buyer for
                                                               its software
                                                       division. Terms were
                                                         not disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                               valued at $2
                                                            billion. Denali
                                                         Intermediate Inc's
                                                            Dell is a Round
                                                                 Rock-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                                 computers.
Casey Quirk &                Deloitte                   Deloitte Consulting
Associates LLC         Consulting LLP                        LLP, a unit of
                                                            Deloitte Touche
                                                              Tohmatsu LLC,
                                                       acquired Casey Quirk
                                                        & Associates LLC, a
                                                             New York-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                 management
                                                       consulting services.
The Stevenson         Digital Benefit                       Digital Benefit
Group                    Advisors Inc                  Advisors Inc, a unit
                                                       of Digital Insurance
                                                              Inc, plans to
                                                                acquire The
                                                         Stevenson Group, a
                                                              Houston-based
                                                          insurance agency.
Figtree Co Inc     Dividend Solar Inc                    Dividend Solar Inc
                                                       plans to acquire the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                       of Figtree Co Inc, a
                                                            San Diego-based
                                                          provider of sales
                                                        financing services.
Alta Mira           Dome Equities LLC                     Dome Equities LLC
apartment                                                acquired Alta Mira
                                                               Apartment, a
                                                         Miami-based lessor
                                                             of residential
                                                              buildings and
                                                                 dwellings.
Lakeside                        Edens                    Edens acquired the
Centre,Boca Raton                                        Lakeside Centre, a
                                                           shopping mall in
                                                                Boca Raton.
Optitex Ltd           Electronics For                       Electronics for
                          Imaging Inc                    Imaging Inc of the
                                                        US acquired Optitex
                                                               Ltd, a Petah
                                                       Tikva-based provider
                                                         of custom computer
                                                                programming
                                                          services, for ILS
                                                            204.204 million
                                                         ($52.793 million).
Actio Corp               Enviance Inc                  Enviance Inc, a unit
                                                        of Battery Ventures
                                                         LP, acquired Actio
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                           Portsmouth-based
                                                        software publisher.
Realty Executives         ERA Brokers                           ERA Brokers
                         Consolidated                          Consolidated
                                                            acquired Realty
                                                        Executives, a Santa
                                                       Clarita Valley-based
                                                        real estate agency.
Windjammer                Ezenia! Inc                  Ezenia! Inc acquired
Communications LLC                                               Windjammer
                                                        Communications LLC,
                                                                an Overland
                                                        Park-based provider
                                                            of subscription
                                                       programming services
                                                           jointly owned by
                                                               Mast Capital
                                                         Management LLC and
                                                             Communications
                                                               Construction
                                                              Services Inc.
Rouge Media Group   Fairfax Financial                     Fairfax Financial
                         Holdings Ltd                       Holdings Ltd of
                                                         Canada acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                          interest in Rouge
                                                         Media Group, a New
                                                        York-based provider
                                                       of media creativity,
                                                       mobile targeting and
                                                        consumer engagement
                                                                  services.
Carolina Bank                   First                   First Bancorp plans
Holdings Inc,      Bancorp,Troy,North                        to acquire the
Greensboro,North             Carolina                  entire share capital
Carolina                                                   of Carolina Bank
                                                            Holdings Inc, a
                                                           Greensboro-based
                                                           commercial bank.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                            valued at $97.3
                                                                   million.
American Bank of         First United                     First United Bank
Texas              Bank,Durant,Oklaho                      plans to acquire
                                   ma                      American Bank, a
                                                            commercial bank
                                                          based in Sherman,
                                                                     Texas.
Integrated Supply    Freeman Spogli &                   Freeman Spogli & Co
Network Inc                        Co                   acquired Integrated
                                                        Supply Network Inc,
                                                           a Lakeland-based
                                                              motor vehicle
                                                         supplies and parts
                                                       merchant wholesaler,
                                                        from Audax Group LP
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Xtelus LLC-VOIP              Gawk Inc                     Gawk Inc signed a
Assets                                                 Letter of Intent to
                                                           acquire the VOIP
                                                           assets of Xtelus
                                                                LLC, a Wake
                                                               Forest-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         telecommunications
                                                                  services.
Far Niente Wine       GI Partners LLP                       GI Partners LLP
Estates LLC                                             acquired Far Niente
                                                       Wine Estates LLC, an
                                                             Oakville-based
                                                             drinking place
                                                            operator, via a
                                                           leveraged buyout
                                                               transaction.
Peace Dining Corp      Hana Group SAS                     Hana Group SAS of
                                                       France, a unit of TA
                                                                 Associates
                                                             Management LP,
                                                             acquired Peace
                                                             Dining Corp, a
                                                         Philadelphia-based
                                                         investment holding
                                                                   company.
American                  HealthSmart                           HealthSmart
CareSource          Preferred Care II                  Preferred Care Inc's
Holdings                           LP                      unit HealthSmart
Inc-Certain                                            Preferred Care II LP
Specified Assets                                           plans to acquire
                                                          certain specified
                                                         assets of American
                                                        CareSource Holdings
                                                                    Inc, an
                                                              Atlanta-based
                                                       healthcare provider,
                                                         owned by Careguide
                                                                       Inc.
electro optical          hgh infrared                  HGH Infrared Systems
industries Inc                systems                      acquired Electro
                                                         Optical Industries
                                                               Inc, a Santa
                                                              Barbara-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 electronic
                                                                components.
Royal Palms Resort  Hyatt Hotels Corp                     Hyatt Hotels Corp
& Spa                                                     agreed to acquire
                                                       Royal Palms Resort &
                                                       Spa, a Phoenix-based
                                                          operator of hotel
                                                               and resorts.
Teva               Impax Laboratories                    Impax Laboratories
Pharmaceuticals                   Inc                      Inc definitively
USA Inc- Certain                                          agreed to acquire
Assets                                                    certain assets of
                                                       Teva Pharmaceuticals
                                                           USA Inc, a North
                                                                Wales-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                        products, from Teva
                                                             Pharmaceutical
                                                            Industries Ltd.
Syslogic Technical         Incedo Inc                   Incedo Inc acquired
Services Inc                                             Syslogic Technical
                                                            Services Inc, a
                                                         provider of custom
                                                       computer programming
                                                                  services.
Voyat Inc            Intent Media Ltd                   Intent Media Ltd of
                                                            the UK acquired
                                                           Voyat Inc, a New
                                                       York-based developer
                                                         of personalization
                                                             and conversion
                                                       platform. Terms were
                                                             not disclosed.
Merscorp Holdings    Intercontinental                      Intercontinental
Inc                      Exchange Inc                    Exchange Inc plans
                                                              to acquire an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                       interest in Merscorp
                                                            Holdings Inc, a
                                                               Reston-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
Perrigo Co PLC-         International                         International
Vitamins, Minerals       Vitamin Corp                          Vitamin Corp
& Supplements                                           definitively agreed
business                                                     to acquire the
                                                       vitamins, minerals &
                                                       supplements business
                                                       of Perrigo Co PLC, a
                                                               Dublin-based
                                                           manufacturer and
                                                              wholesaler of
                                                       over-the-counter and
                                                               prescription
                                                           pharmaceuticals.
KeySource Medical      Investor Group                    An investor group,
Inc                                                    comprised of Edwards
                                                            Cohen, Friedman
                                                         Capital, Seal Rock
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                       Jonathan Z Cohen and
                                                            Stephanie Ring,
                                                         acquired KeySource
                                                             Medical Inc, a
                                                           Cincinnati-based
                                                       drug store operator.
Collins Inkjet            Kao USA Inc                   Kao USA Inc, a unit
Corp                                                    of Kao Corp, agreed
                                                         to acquire Collins
                                                             Inkjet Corp, a
                                                           Cincinnati-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             printing inks.
Pure Organic         Kashi Co(Kellogg                   Kashi Co, a unit of
                                  Co)                  Kellogg Co, plans to
                                                               acquire Pure
                                                          Organic, a Solona
                                                                Beach-based
                                                                confections
                                                                  retailer.
Mobilend Inc          Kuber Financial                   Kuber Financial LLC
                                  LLC                     acquired Mobilend
                                                                     Inc, a
                                                         Hillsborough-based
                                                       software reproducer.
J & M Machine LLC        Liberty Hall                  Liberty Hall Capital
                     Capital Partners                  Partners LP plans to
                                   LP                         acquire J & M
                                                             Machine LLC, a
                                                           Washington-based
                                                                 automobile
                                                              manufacturer.
PersonaDrive Inc          McorpCX Inc                  McorpCX Inc acquired
                                                        PersonaDrive Inc, a
                                                             Bellevue-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       cloud-based software
                                                                  services.
Westchester                Mednax Inc                   Mednax Inc acquired
Anesthesiologists                                               Westchester
PC                                                        Anesthesiologists
                                                                  PC, a Rye
                                                       Brook-based provider
                                                         of anesthesia care
                                                                  services.
Mats Trucking                   Moran                  Moran Transportation
                    Transportation Co                   Co plans to acquire
                                                          Mats Trucking, an
                                                       Eagan-based provider
                                                           of local freight
                                                         trucking services.
ClientRunner Inc            next gear                   Next Gear Solutions
                            solutions                      plans to acquire
                                                       ClientRunner Inc, an
                                                        Orem-based software
                                                                 publisher.
Repucom                    Nielsen NV                     Nielsen NV's unit
International                                           Nielsen Holdings NV
                                                           acquired Repucom
                                                           International, a
                                                             Stamford-based
                                                                provider of
                                                         marketing research
                                                        and opinion polling
                                                                  services.
Cutter Associates     Nomura Research                       Nomura Research
LLC                Institute Holdings                    Institute Holdings
                          America Inc                   America Inc, a unit
                                                         of Nomura Research
                                                           Institute Ltd of
                                                         Japan, acquired an
                                                       undisclosed majority
                                                         interest in Cutter
                                                         Associates LLC, an
                                                        investment advisor.
Sharp BancSystems          Nymbus Inc                   Nymbus Inc acquired
Inc                                                       Sharp BancSystems
                                                            Inc, a software
                                                                 publisher.
Imugen Inc           Oxford Immunotec                      Oxford Immunotec
                           Global PLC                  Global PLC of the UK
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                              Imugen Inc, a
                                                              Norwood-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                       biological products.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                       valued at $22.2 mil.
Lathrop                  Paramit Corp                  Paramit Corp, a unit
Engineering Inc                                          of Altaris Capital
                                                              Partners LLC,
                                                           acquired Lathrop
                                                         Engineering Inc, a
                                                             San Jose-based
                                                                provider of
                                                                engineering
                                                                  services.
Oragenics Inc-OTC     Probiora Health                   Probiora Health has
Probiotic Business                LLC                     agreed to buy the
                                                        consumer propbiotic
                                                                business of
                                                           Oragenics Inc, a
                                                                Tampa-based
                                                          biopharmaceutical
                                                          company, for $1.7
                                                           million in cash.
                                                             Originally, in
                                                             December 2014,
                                                              Oragenics Inc
                                                          announced that it
                                                        was seeking a buyer
                                                                for its OTC
                                                         probiotic products
                                                                  business.
Alexander Street         ProQuest LLC                  ProQuest LLC, a unit
LLC                                                            of Cambridge
                                                         Information Group,
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                           Alexander Street
                                                                    LLC, an
                                                           Alexandria-based
                                                           music publisher.
Hillcrest Golf &       PulteGroup Inc                  PulteGroup Inc plans
Country Club                                           to acquire Hillcrest
                                                       Golf & Country Club.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                             disclosed, but
                                                       according to sources
                                                       close to the matter,
                                                                the deal is
                                                            estimated to be
                                                              valued at $25
                                                                   million.
Business.com Inc                Purch                        Purch acquired
                                                        Business.com Inc, a
                                                         Santa Monica-based
                                                           internet service
                                                         provider, from Dex
                                                         One Corp's unit RH
                                                            Donnelley Corp.
3scale Inc                Red Hat Inc                  Red Hat Inc plans to
                                                        acquire 3scale Inc,
                                                          a Sunnyvale-based
                                                       software reproducer.
McLaughlin Brunson Risk Strategies Co                    Risk Strategies Co
Insurance Agency                  Inc                  Inc, a unit of Kelso
LLP                                                          & Co, acquired
                                                         McLaughlin Brunson
                                                       Insurance Agency LLP
                                                                 in Dallas.
P&L Technology Inc      Scantron Corp                         Scantron Corp
                                                               acquired P&L
                                                         Technology Inc, an
                                                       Omaha-based provider
                                                         of custom computer
                                                                programming
                                                                  services.
Island Dermatology          Schweiger                             Schweiger
                    Dermatology Group                     Dermatology Group
                                  LLC                   LLC acquired Island
                                                        Dermatology, a Long
                                                         Beach-based direct
                                                         health and medical
                                                         insurance carrier.
NeuStar Inc-Order        Shareholders                        NeuStar Inc, a
Management &                                                 Sterling-based
Numbering Services                                              provider of
Unit                                                              real-time
                                                                information
                                                         services, plans to
                                                         spin off its order
                                                               management &
                                                         numbering services
                                                                unit to its
                                                              shareholders.
PeopleMatter Inc     SnagAJob.com Inc                      SnagAJob.com Inc
                                                           plans to acquire
                                                        PeopleMatter Inc, a
                                                           Charleston-based
                                                          provider of human
                                                              resources and
                                                           executive search
                                                       consulting services.
OpenWhere Inc             Spaceflight                           Spaceflight
                       Industries Inc                        Industries Inc
                                                         acquired OpenWhere
                                                       Inc, a Herndon-based
                                                           internet service
                                                                  provider.
GOFACTORY Inc      Space-Time Insight                    Space-Time Insight
                                  Inc                          Inc acquired
                                                       GOFACTORY Inc, a San
                                                            Francisco-based
                                                         provider of custom
                                                       computer programming
                                                                  services.
White Plum Inc           Stikeleather                  Stikeleather Apparel
                     Apparel Holdings                          Holdings Inc
                                  Inc                   acquired White Plum
                                                         Inc, a provider of
                                                        all types of womens
                                                                      wear.
Spark Gift Sales        Stockpile Inc                         Stockpile Inc
LLC                                                     acquired Spark Gift
                                                               Sales LLC, a
                                                                provider of
                                                       financial investment
                                                                  services.
Mesa Foods LLC     Teasdale Foods Inc                   Teasdale Foods Inc,
                                                             a unit of Snow
                                                          Phipps Group LLC,
                                                        acquired Mesa Foods
                                                                     LLC, a
                                                           Louisville-based
                                                               full-service
                                                       restaurant operator.
Evergreen          The Sterling Group                    The Sterling Group
Industrial                         LP                           LP acquired
Services LLC                                           Evergreen Industrial
                                                         Services LLC, a La
                                                       Porte-based provider
                                                              of industrial
                                                         cleaning services,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                          Sterling acquired
                                                             North American
                                                       industrial Services.
North American     The Sterling Group                    The Sterling Group
Services Group                     LP                     LP acquired North
                                                          American Services
                                                          Group, a Ballston
                                                                  Spa-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                                 measuring,
                                                             displaying and
                                                                controlling
                                                                  variables
                                                            instruments and
                                                          related products,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
                                                              Concurrently,
                                                          Sterling acquired
                                                       Evergreen industrial
                                                              Services LLC.
Bomgar Corp           Thoma Bravo LLC                       Thoma Bravo LLC
                                                            acquired Bomgar
                                                                    Corp, a
                                                            Ridgeland-based
                                                        software publisher,
                                                            via a leveraged
                                                        buyout transaction.
Adesis Inc          Universal Display                     Universal Display
                                 Corp                         Corp plans to
                                                        acquire Adesis Inc,
                                                         a New Castle-based
                                                       provider of research
                                                            and development
                                                                  services.
Telogis Inc                   Verizon                               Verizon
                   Communications Inc                    Communications Inc
                                                          agreed to acquire
                                                            Telogis Inc, an
                                                          Aliso Viejo-based
                                                          provider of fleet
                                                       management software.
                                                             Terms were not
                                                                 disclosed.
ROXIMITY Inc       Verve Wireless Inc                    Verve Wireless Inc
                                                          acquired ROXIMITY
                                                            Inc, a software
                                                                 publisher.
Vogt Construction            WHAM Inc                     WHAM Inc acquired
Co                                                        Vogt Construction
                                                                      Co, a
                                                            Shorewood-based
                                                                provider of
                                                       demolition services.
CenterWatch           WIRB-Copernicus                       Arsenal Capital
                                Group                    Partners LP's unit
                                                            WIRB-Copernicus
                                                             Group acquired
                                                             CenterWatch, a
                                                               Boston-based
                                                            internet portal
                                                             operator, from
                                                          Jobson Healthcare
                                                           Information LLC,
                                                        ultimately owned by
                                                         Wicks Group of Cos
                                                                       LLC.
Papco Oil Co               World Fuel                   World Fuel Services
                        Services Corp                         Corp plans to
                                                          acquire Papco Oil
                                                             Co, a Virginia
                                                                Beach-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                        petroleum products.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                        acquired Associated
                                                         Petroleum Products
                                                                       Inc.
Associated                 World Fuel                   World Fuel Services
Petroleum Products      Services Corp                         Corp plans to
Inc                                                             acquire the
                                                       Associated Petroleum
                                                            Products Inc, a
                                                               Tacoma-based
                                                          provider of local
                                                           freight trucking
                                                                  services.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                        acquired PAPCO Inc.
Schlumberger           WSP Global Inc                     WSP Global Inc of
Ltd-Industrial                                             Canada agreed to
Water Consultancy                                               acquire the
Business                                                   Industrial Water
                                                       Consultancy Business
                                                       of Schlumberger Ltd,
                                                            a Houston-based
                                                           support services
                                                       provider for oil and
                                                            gas operations.
National Appraisal          Zaio Corp                   Zaio Corp of Canada
Management Co                                            signed a letter of
                                                          intent to acquire
                                                         National Appraisal
                                                          Management Co, an
                                                        investment advisor.
MassageNow Inc      Zeel Networks Inc                     Zeel Networks Inc
                                                        acquired MassageNow
                                                         Inc, a provider of
                                                         personal services.
Delivery Wow                  ZipDish                  ZipDish acquired the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Delivery Wow, a
                                                              Chicago-based
                                                                   caterer.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                       merged with Delivery
                                                         Wow, Cafe Courier,
                                                            Room Service in
                                                               Paradise and
                                                                  Delicious
                                                                Deliveries.
Cafe Courier                  ZipDish                  ZipDish acquired the
                                                       entire share capital
                                                         of Cafe Courier, a
                                                             Columbus-based
                                                                   caterer.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                       merged with Delivery
                                                       Wow, Room Service in
                                                               Paradise and
                                                                  Delicious
                                                                Deliveries.
Room Service In               ZipDish                  ZipDish acquired the
Paradise Inc                                           entire share capital
                                                         of Room Service In
                                                            Paradise Inc, a
                                                             Honolulu-based
                                                                   caterer.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                       merged with Delivery
                                                          Wow, Cafe Courier
                                                              and Delicious
                                                                Deliveries.
Delicious                     ZipDish                  ZipDish acquired the
Deliveries                                             entire share capital
                                                               of Delicious
                                                              Deliveries, a
                                                           Scottsdale-based
                                                                   caterer.
                                                           Concurrently, it
                                                       merged with Delivery
                                                          Wow, Cafe Courier
                                                        and Room Service in
                                                                  Paradise.
Teva                  Zydus Worldwide                     Cadila Healthcare
Pharmaceutical                   DMCC                           Ltd's unit,
Industries                                                  UAE-based Zydus
Ltd-ANDAs(2)                                                Worldwide DMCC,
                                                         plans to acquire 2
                                                              ANDAs of Teva
                                                             Pharmaceutical
                                                          Industries Ltd, a
                                                                Tikva-based
                                                            manufacturer of
                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                               preparation.
US M&A Deals
Announced June 17
to June 23, 2016
Source: Thomson
Reuters

URL: http://www.themiddlemarket.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MERGERSUNLEASHED_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

DEAL MAKERS OF 2012 WINNERS

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: GLOBE INVESTOR MARKETS SPECIAL REPORT; BIG DEALS;
Pg. E6

LENGTH: 549 words


The Winners and the deal         Key     Accepting
                         People/Inte      Award at
                           rnal Deal   awards gala
                                Team
Consumer Business

Alimentation Couche-Tard         n/a                         Raymond Paré,
Inc.acquires Statoil                               Vice-presidentand chief
Fuel & Retail ASA                                        financial officer

Media and Telecom. and
Foreign Outbound - U.S.

MacDonald, Dettwiler &          Anil  Mag Iskander  Mag Iskander,President
Assoc. Ltd.acquires      WirasekaraD                   ofMDA Space Systems
Space Systems/Loral Inc           an
                           Friedmann

Energy

Pembina Pipeline Corp.           Bob         Harry                     n/a
acquires Provident       MichaleskiM AndersonJenni
Energy Ltd.                      ick           fer
                         DilgerPeter   HarkerScott
                         RobertsonDe  BurrowsHanif
                                bbie        Kassam
                             Sulkers

Financial

TMX Group Ltd. acquires          Tom    Sharon Pel  Michael Ptasznik,Chief
TMX Group Inc.           KloetMichae                 financial officer,TMX
                          l Ptasznik                    GroupLuc Bertrand,
                                                       Vice-chair,National
                                                      Bank Financial Group

Industrials

GENIVAR Inc. acquires         Pierre     Alexandre    Alexandre L'Heureux,
WSP Group PLC                 Shoiry     L'Heureux Chief financial officer

Info. Tech. and Foreign
Outbound - Global

CGI Group Inc. acquires        Serge        Benoit         David Anderson,
Logica PLC               GodinMichae     DubéDavid               Executive
                                   l AndersonJacqu vice-presidentand chief
                         RoachClaude    es Leclerc       financial officer
                              Séguin

Mid-market

DHX Media Ltd. acquires      Michael          Mark        David Regan,EVP,
Cookie Jar Group         DonovanDavi   GosineAaron corporate development &
                         d ReganDana          Ames                     IR.
                              Landry

Utilities

AltaGas Ltd.acquires           Grant       Shaheen  David Wright,Executive
SEMCO Holding Corp.      JanesJillia  AmiraliShaun          vice-president
                          n FanJared  ToivanenJudy
                          GreenWancy         Royan
                                  Wu

Mining

Pan American Silver             Mark        Robert        Mr. Geoff Burns,
Corp.acquires            BaileySteve   PiroozDavid       President and CEO
Minefinders Corp. Ltd.   BusbyMichae      ScottRob
                         l Steinmann         Doyle

Value Creation

Entertainment One Ltd.        Darren         Giles Darren Throop,President
acquiresAlliance Films   ThroopPatri WillitsNelson                 and CEO
Inc. and other deals it   ce Theroux       Kuo-Lee
hascompleted over the
past several years

Foreign Inbound - Asia

Petronas Carigali Canada    M Arif B  Syed Marzidy      Datuk Anuar Taib -
Ltd.acquires Progress       MahmoodM        B Syed     President, Petronas
Energy Resources Corp         Azam B MarzukiAdif B        Carigali Sdn Bhd
                         YusoffEmran ZulkifliSharo
                            B Othman    n Yap Swee
                                              Yoke

 BANKS
Top Banks for Equity
(excluding self-led deals)
Rank                                   Company       Amount       Number of
                                                     raised          Issues
                                                    ($-bil)
1                                 RBC Dominion        $5.50              68
                                    Securities
2                            BMO Nesbitt Burns        $4.69              45
3                                TD Securities        $3.62              40
4                                   CIBC World        $2.81              40
                                       Markets
5                               Scotia Capital        $2.05              35

Top Banks for Bonds
(excluding self-led deals)
Rank                                   Company       Amount       Number of
                                                     raised          Issues
                                                    ($-bil)
1                                 RBC Dominion       $40.04             133
                                    Securities
2                                National Bank       $30.38              74
                                     Financial
3                                   CIBC World       $25.73             132
                                       Markets
4                                TD Securities       $23.19              83
5                            BMO Nesbitt Burns       $20.36              65

Top Banks for M&A (any
Canadian involvement)
Rank                                   Adviser     Value of Number of Deals
                                                      deals
                                                    ($-bil)
1                                 RBC Dominion       $76.16             105
                                    Securities
2                              Goldman Sachs &       $49.19              21
                                            Co
3                            BMO Nesbitt Burns       $48.69              62
4                                TD Securities       $29.58              40
5                              Bank of America       $29.06              18
                                 Merrill Lynch

Top Banks for IPOs
Rank                                   Company       Amount       Number of
                                                     raised          Issues
                                                    ($-mil)
1                                 RBC Dominion      $385.00               6
                                    Securities
2                                   CIBC World      $269.70               4
                                       Markets
3                               Scotia Capital      $267.80               3
4                               Morgan Stanley      $267.10               2
5                            BMO Nesbitt Burns      $248.40               3

Top Banks for
Syndicated Lending
Rank                             Company  Bookrunner Volume      Number of
                                                    ($-bil)          Deals
1                             CIBC World             $35.45            122
                                 Markets
2                          TD Securities             $34.54            100
3                           RBC Dominion             $27.93             78
                              Securities
4                         Scotia Capital             $26.26             97
5                            BMO Nesbitt             $20.99             80
                                   Burns

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper
